Virgin Australia commenced services on 31 August 2000 as Virgin Blue, with two aircraft on a single route.
Tomoaki Komorida was born on July 10,1981.
Lollapalooze is an annual musical festival held in Grant Park in Chicago, Illinois. It was started in 1991 as a farewell tour by Perry Farrell, singe of the group Jane's Addiction. The festival includes an array of musical genres including alternative rock, heavy metal, punk rock, hip hop, and electronic dance music. The festivals welcomes an estimated 400,000 people each year and sells out annually. Some notable headliners include: the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Chance the Rapper, Metallica, and Lady Gage. Lollapalooza is one of the largest and most iconic festivals in the world and a staple of Chicago.
Kyle Van Zyl was playing against Boland U21 when he scored 36 points, leading his team to victory in a 61-3 win.
The first artist to record Needles and Pins song was DeShannon.
The top speed of a Kia Stinger is 269km/h (167mph) according to this text.
The British Virgin Islands (BVI), officially the Virgin Islands, are a British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean, to the east of Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands and north-west of Anguilla. The islands are geographically part of the Virgin Islands archipelago and are located in the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles and part of the West Indies.

The British Virgin Islands consist of the main islands of Tortola, Virgin Gorda, Anegada and Jost Van Dyke, along with more than 50 other smaller islands and cays.
"Outbreeding" is more beneficial to the offspring as it reduces the risk of inheriting defective genes, increasing the offspring's ability to reproduce.
The first Reading railway station was opened on the 30th of March, 1840.
Her brother Finneas O'Connell produced her debut single "Ocean Eyes", and her chart topping single is "Bad Guy"
Arsenal have had twenty permanent and eight caretake managers.
SVM stands for ""support vector machine". It is a machine learning model for supervised learning tasks. It was popular in the 1990s and early 2000s, before deep learning take off. The classic use case is binary classification, but its extension can also do multi-label classification as we as regression. Kernel methods greatly enhanced SVM's capability to perform non-linear machine learning tasks.
Jon Gallagher scored the first goal in Austin FC's first win at home, over the Portland Timbers.
Mustard seeds generally take eight to ten days to germinate if placed under the proper conditions, which include a cold atmosphere and relatively moist soil.
The name "rosemary" derives from Latin ros marinus.
The phrase "bike-shedding" was introduced in 1957 by C. Northcote Parkinson.
Six essays are part of the Run Towards the Danger essay collection.
Computer programmers and others involved in software development, including graphic designers, interface designers, product managers, project managers, domain experts, and others tend to participate in hackathons.

They collaborate intensively on engineering projects, such as software engineering with the goal of creating functioning software or hardware by the end of the event.
Marketing Automation is software that helps marketers to do create efficient online and offline campaigns. It's part of CRM suite and people usually integrate it with their salesforce application and marketing website. The Marketing Automation platform allows marketers to automate and simplify customer communication by managing multi communication channels. This includes personalized email, dynamic web pages, digital banners, social media and more. People use it for lead generation, segmentation and nurturing and lead scoring. Post-sales marketers also use Marketing Automation for cross-sell, upsell and retention marketing. In
President Van Buren spoke Dutch as his first language. He is the only president of the United States of America who spoke English as a second language.
National Peanut Butter Day takes place on January 24th in the United States.
Fasting is the abstention from eating and sometimes drinking.
No, it was not an established community until the 20th century.
Wine is an alcoholic drink typically made from fermented grapes.
The festival lasts for 5 days and Bhai Tika is the last festival.
John Johnstone won the Jockey Cup on a horse named Ben-y-Gloe.
Based on this paragraph, Kennedy had no younger siblings, as he was the youngest of nine children.
Stanley J. Goldberg (born Maryland, 1939) is a special trial judge of the United States Tax Court.

Goldberg attended public schools in Baltimore, MD. He earned a B.S. from the University of Maryland, School of Business and Public Administration in 1960 and an LL.B. from the University of Maryland School of Law in 1964. He did graduate work in Federal Income Taxation at New York University. Goldberg was admitted to practice in Maryland and New Jersey, 1964 and 1967, and Federal District Court. 

He began his career as a Tax Attorney in January 1965 with the United States Department of Treasury, Office of Chief Counsel, Internal Revenue Service, in New York City and was initially assigned to the General Litigation function. In 1967, he was reassigned to the Tax Litigation function. In 1976, he was promoted to Special Trial Attorney, and then to Assistant District Counsel in 1984. He was appointed a Special Trial Judge of the United States Tax Court on August 4, 1985.

In 1992, Goldberg commented on the trend of tax protester arguments being brought before the Tax Court and dismissed with penalties.
Jen Shah came into the spotlight in November 2020 when The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City aired. In March 2021 she was charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering as well as wire fraud. She pled not guilty, but then come July 2022 she plead guilty to commit wire fraud. January of 2023 she was sentenced to 6.5 years in prison and her sentence began in February.
The potential uses of AI in government are wide and varied but some appropriate areas to consider AI applications include: Resource allocation; Large datasets; Repetitive tasks; Answering basic questions; Summarising data from multiple forms; Predicting future scenarios based on historical data.
There are 3 public high schools in Arlington, Va.
The Cy Young Award is given to the best pitches in the American and National leagues of Major League Baseball, for their achievements that exceed those of their peers.
The order of the books are as follows:
1) A High Wind in Jamaica
2) In Hazard: A Sea Story
3) The Fox in the Attic
4) The Wooden Shepherdess
Arabic, Mandarin Chinese, English, French, Russian, Spanish
Gamebryo was the engine used by Bethesda before Creation Engine. It is developed by Gamebase Cot., Ltd and Gamebase USA. Gamebryo is used by numerous companies within the gaming industry.

Bethesda decided that Gamebryo's capabilities were becoming too outdated and began work on the Creation Engine for their next game, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, by forking the codebase used for Fallout 3.

The last game from Bethesda made with Gamebryo engine is Fallout 3 (2008).
Hale Street Link
As of November 2021, 42 countries have implicitly banned and 9 countries have fully banned the use of Bitcoin.
The Underground Railroad was a secret network of routes and safe houses in the United States established in the early 19th century that led to free states, Canada, Mexico and other overseas areas. Black slaves used the Underground Railroad to escape from slavery. It is estimated that by 1850, about 100,000 slaves had escaped to freedom by the "Railroad".
LeBron James won his first NBA MVP in 2009.
3283 professionals and 1700 clients, so 3283/1700 = 1.9 professionals serving each client.
Lamb Air Ltd. was a Canadian airline that began operations in 1934 in The Pas, Manitoba, and went out of business in 1981.

History
Tom Lamb was the son of Thomas Henry Peacock (THP) Lamb, who had emigrated from England in the late 19th century. THP Lamb turned from school teacher to fur trader and in 1900, started Lamb's Store in Moose Lake, Manitoba. Tom and his brothers and sisters grew up in northern Manitoba and worked for their father.

Tom Lamb left school before finishing grade 3. Later in life, he would make the comment, while giving his acceptance speech when receiving his honorary Doctorate of law from the University of Manitoba, "If I had only gotten to grade 4". At the age of 10, Tom, who had his own team of horses and sleigh, was competing with grown men in the fish hauling business. He would have to use fish boxes to step up on to be able to load his sleigh.

One of the Lamb family's businesses was "logistics and transportation". Fish, lumber, trees, fur and supplies needed to be hauled by any and all means. Dog teams, horses, boats, trucks and tractors were used. In the 1930s there was a transportation revolution happening. The aircraft was making its way into northern Canada. The first time Tom Lamb saw an aircraft he realized its potential. In 1930, Tom bought his first aircraft - a Stinson SR8. In 1930, Tom Lamb travelled to Winnipeg to learn to fly. To keep costs to a minimum, he lived in a tent behind the Winnipeg Flying Club. When he returned to The Pas and checked himself out on the Stinson.

In 1935, Tom incorporated Lamb Airways Limited. The airline had some name changes throughout the years and Tom became one of the best known Manitobans, if not Canadians, in the world. His adventures have been documented in books, a television documentary and even a song.
The Narrows at Zion National Park
Cisco develops, manufactures, and sells networking hardware, software, telecommunications equipment and other high-technology services and products. Cisco specializes in specific tech markets, such as the Internet of Things (IoT), domain security, videoconferencing, and energy management with leading products including Webex, OpenDNS, Jabber, Duo Security, and Jasper.
The exact cause of Sensory processing disorder is not known. However, it is known that the midbrain and brainstem regions of the central nervous system are early centers in the processing pathway for multisensory integration; these brain regions are involved in processes including coordination, attention, arousal, and autonomic function. After sensory information passes through these centers, it is then routed to brain regions responsible for emotions, memory, and higher level cognitive functions. Damage in any part of the brain involved in multisensory processing can cause difficulties in adequately processing stimuli in a functional way.
According to this text, Disney became a publicly listed company on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in 1940 with the ticker symbol DIS.
Gretel Beer attended primary school in Marchegg, in east of Vienna.
The Psychiatry: An Industry of Death museum opened on December 17, 2005 and is owned and operated by the Citizens Commission on Human Rights.
Magical thinking is the belief that unrelated events are causally connected despite the absence of any plausible causal link between them.
Based on this paragraph, Joe Biden has run for president three times, losing in 1988 and 2008 and eventually winning in 2020. As president, he is unique in three ways: the first to have a female vice president, and the first president from the state of Delaware.
The 2004 earthquake on Sumatra, Indonesia was the deadliest. It caused a tsunami that killed more than 200,000 people.
The Soviets withdrew from the Soviet-Afghan War beginning in May 1988 due to international opposition, persistent anti-Soviet guerrilla warfare, and a lack of support by Soviet citizens.
The Pulitzer Prize has been awarded to UVA alumni: Edward P. Jones, Ron Suskind, Virginius Dabney, Claudia Emerson, Henry Taylor, Lane DeGregory, George Rodrigue, and Michael Vitez.
Gennady Petrovich Lyachin joined the Navy in 1972 and was decommissioned in 1991 after the fall of the Soviet Union.
The contestants are progressively eliminated from the game as they are voted out by their fellow contestants until only one remains to be awarded the grand prize and named the "Sole Survivor".
the longest road in the world is in Americas. The longest road is a highway called Pan American highway. It spans 30000 Kilometers or 19000 miles. It starts from Prudhoe Bay, Alaska in United states and ends at Puerto Montt or Quellón, Chile Chile or Ushuaia, Argentina Argentina

The pan american highway is registered as longest road in the world in guiness book of world records 

There are also other categories of longest road in the worlds like Asian highway which starts in Kapıkule, Turkey and ends in Tokyo, Japan. Asian highway is longest uninterrupted highway in the world. Length of the asian highway is 20557 Kilometers or 12774 miles

Longest road within the single country is in Australia. The name of the road is Highway 1. This is loop road and legnth of the highway is 14500 Kilometers or 9000 miles
World War II lasted from 1939 to 1945 and was by far the deadliest conflict in history. It is estimated that there were 70-85 million fatalities, mostly among civilians. Tens of millions died due to genocides, starvation, assacres, and disease.
The radio was invented by Guglielmo Marconi, which allowed the harnessing of radio waves into a wireless communication system.  This invention did not happen in a vacuum.  It was enabled by investigating radio waves and understanding how to detect and transmit them.
Colnago worked with Ferrari to develop new carbon fiber technology.
Rhual was constructed in 1634 by Evan Edwards.
The Spellenspektakel takes place in the Netherlands where board games are played.
2.  the 2020 Rogers Audience Award, and the Donald Brittain Award in 2021.
The Outland Trophy is given to the best offensive lineman in college football.
The reconstruction project of the Howard Frankland bridge started in fall of 2020 and is expected to be completed in 2025.
There are currently 2700 locations in the Jimmy John's franchise.
He placed in the top 3 a total of 5 times, because he won three times and had an additional two podium finishes.
The White Mandingos was formed in late 2012, and their first album 'The Guetto is Tryna Kill Me' was released in June 2013.
Luis Gonzalez de Ubieta y Gonzalez del Campillo (1899 – 1950) was an admiral of the Spanish Republican Navy during the Spanish Civil War. He died in exile as the captain of the Panamanian merchant vessel Chiriqui, refusing to be rescued when the ship under his command sank in the Caribbean Sea not far from Barranquilla.
The following are non-definitive lists of the actors with the highest career-film grosses. There are box-office gross revenue lists, which are not adjusted for inflation, as well as lists for the number of box-office ticket sales. Because of the long-term effects of inflation on movie theater ticket prices, a list unadjusted for inflation gives far more weight to later actors. Therefore, the gross revenue lists are largely meaningless for comparing acting careers widely separated in time, as many actors from earlier eras will never appear on a modern unadjusted list, despite their films' achieving higher commercial success when adjusted for price increases.

Lead roles
This list only includes leading roles and lead ensemble roles, including voice acting. The list is updated as of 12 January 2023.

Rank	Actor	Worldwide total	Top-grossing film	Films	Average
1	Scarlett Johansson	$14,519,031,650	Avengers: Endgame ($2,794,731,755)	33	$439,970,656
2	Robert Downey Jr.	$14,393,065,668	Avengers: Endgame ($2,794,731,755)	43	$334,722,457
3	Samuel L. Jackson	$14,376,505,937	Avengers: Endgame ($2,794,731,755)	64	$224,632,905
4	Zoe Saldaña	$12,805,874,340	Avatar ($2,899,384,102)	30	$426,862,478
5	Chris Hemsworth	$11,958,567,765	Avengers: Endgame ($2,794,731,755)	25	$478,342,711
6	Chris Pratt	$11,742,796,476	Avengers: Endgame ($2,794,731,755)	23	$510,556,369
7	Tom Cruise	$11,547,725,996	Top Gun: Maverick ($1,487,575,965)	43	$268,551,767
8	Chris Evans	$11,277,890,989	Avengers: Endgame ($2,794,731,755)	29	$388,892,793
9	Tom Hanks	$10,704,310,520	Toy Story 4 ($1,073,064,540)	55	$194,623,828
10	Vin Diesel	$10,537,096,327	Avengers: Infinity War ($2,048,359,754)	27	$390,262,827
They are spear-shaped
The town of Pittsford was settled in 1789.
The 149th Boat Race took place on April 6, 2003 and was held between the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge. Oxford won the face by one foot (30 cm), making it the smallest margin of victory in the history of the event.
The E.S. Hoyt House is about 3,600 square feet and has ten rooms.
The major school of praxiology not developed by Ludwig von Mises is the Polish school, which was led by Tadeusz Kotarbiński.
Assuming that literature is not an exact science and that works cannot be divided into objectively assessable works, such as good, bad or excellent, and that Goethe created a large number of pieces, I will answer the question as follows:
The most important works for Goethe are Goetz von Berlichingen and The Sorrows of Young Werther, since these works gave him initial fame in the Sturm und Drang period.
150 seats
Hironobu Sakaguchi
Touching the bonfire, and rushing the football field during halftime of the homecoming game
1937, 1954, 1976 and 2018.
2018.
Mohammad was mainly focused on establishing law and order within his territory during his reign in order to remove thieves and robbers.
Bavaria
It was around 31,000,000 during Maurya Era (200BC) .
Titus Welliver played Detective Harry Bosch in "Bosch" and in "Bosch:Legacy".
What is referred to as the most exciting collegiate sporting event is when the Virginia men's basketball team won the NCAA Championship in 2019.
The children of Bill 101 (les enfants de la loi 101) is the name given to the generation of children whose parents immigrated to Quebec, Canada after the adoption of the 1977 Charter of the French Language (Bill 101).

One of the Charter's articles stipulates that all children under 16 must receive their primary and secondary education in French schools, unless one of the child's parents has received most of their education in English, in Canada, or the child or the child's sibling has already received a substantial part of their education in English, in Canada.
Yes. The second part of the First Treaty contained a secret agreement which defined the political scope of each party's interest.
United States
The Cuban Missile crises lasted 35 days, from October 16 to November 20, 1962.
Mao's government was responsible for vast numbers of deaths, with estimates ranging from 40 to 80 million victims through starvation, persecution, prison labour, and mass executions.
the Parliamentary side
Jay Leno and Arsenio Hall
The instrument you are looking for is a Viola.
Coleus rotundifolius are commonly known as country potato in Africa and Chinese potato in India.
Kamerion Wimbley played Football in multiple positions in Wichita Northwest High School in Kansas, including: defensive end, linebacker, quarterback, receiver and punter.
The original intention of asking the 'five whys' was to understand why new product features or manufacturing techniques were needed in Toyota's manufacturing practices.
Larissa Ilinichna Volpert played chess and was the Soviet women's chess champion in 1954, 1958 and 1959. She earned the titles of Woman International Master and Woman Grandmaster for her accomplishments in the game of chess.
Chris Minns led the Labor party to victory at the 2023 NSW state election and becomes the 47th premier of New South Wales.  Minns is married with three sons and is a supporter of the NRL club, St George Illawarra Dragons.
One year after releasing Abbey Road (1969), the Beatles broke up (1970)
Richard Brandon Morris was born on July 24, 1904. He attended City College and Columbia University.
In 1984, Apple debuted the operating system that is now known as the "Classic" Mac OS
Kieran Liam McAnespie was born in England.
The net is 19 cm higher for men's competitions (243 cm) than for women's competitions (224 cm).
1981
There are multiple definitions of defense mechanism based on different theories. Generally, defense mechanisms are human responses responses to anxiety and how the consciousness and unconscious manage the stress of a social situation. Some of the most common defense mechanisms include:

Repression: forcing a feeling from the consciousness to the unconscious because it is seen as socially unacceptable

Regression: falling back into an early state of mental/physical development seen as less demanding and safer

Projection: possessing a feeling that is deemed as socially unacceptable and instead of facing it, that feeling or "unconscious urge" is seen in the actions of other people

Reaction formation: acting the opposite way that the unconscious instructs a person to behave, "often exaggerated and obsessive". For example, if a wife is infatuated with a man who is not her husband, reaction formation may cause her to – rather than cheat – become obsessed with showing her husband signs of love and affection.

Sublimation: seen as the most acceptable of the mechanisms, an expression of anxiety in socially acceptable ways
K-pop is a popular music genre that has a fan following across the whole world. It spread to worldwide fandom with the advent and proliferation of online social networking services.
David Moses ben Meir Dyte is known for preventing an assassination attempt by James Hadfield on George III.
At least 31 people were killed and more than 87 others were injured in the 2022 Mazar-i-Sharif mosque bombing.
The seven wonders of the world consist of; the Great Pyramid of Giza, The Colossus of Rhodes, the Lighthouse of Alexandria, the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, the Temple of Artemis, the Statue of Zeus at Olympia, and the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.
Blockchain is the technology that enables the existence of cryptocurrency and bitcoin is the name of the best-known cryptocurrency. The implementation of bitcoin using blockchain made it the first digital currency to solve the double-spending problem without the need of a trusted authority or central server. Bitcoin has inspired other applications and blockchains that are highly available, public, and are widely used by cryptocurrencies.
William and Walter
Male and female Mauritius fody birds have different appearances. Breeding males are olive brown with red heads, breast and rump patches, and black lores. Females and non-breeding males are olive brown with white wing bars and brown bills.
Google, Adobe Systems, Akamai Technologies, Juniper Networks, Rackspace, Yahoo, Symantec, Northrop Grumman, Morgan Stanley, and Dow Chemical appear to have been targted in these attacks.  Some pubically confirmed this while others were claimed to be targeted in media reports.
Unlike the popular opinion that Arabs converted Iranians to Islam after defeating the Sasanian Empire, Iranians continued to practice their native religions for many centuries. The conversion to Islam was a slow process which was aided by differentiated tax systems for Muslims and non-muslims.
A five minute period in the future is used for creating the dead man zone.
The Forum in Rome is the location of the ruins of the ancient city of Rome.  The forum is derived from Latin, meaning rectangular plaza.  The plaza was the center of activity in Rome.  Staging speeches trials and public gatherings.
Běijīng is alternatively romanized as Peking and is the capital of the People's Republic of China
Tamil language is one of the oldest and longest surviving classical language and is existing from 300 BC. Tamil as a literature has been documented for over 2000 years. Earliest epigraphic records found on rocks date back to 3rd century BC. It is also the official language of Singapore and Sri lanka apart from Tamil Nadu state in India.
The Boston Marathon is the world's oldest annual marathon, beginning on April 19th 1897.
Georg Friedrich Parrot was born on July 15, 1767 in Mömpelgard. He studied physics and mathematics at the University of Stuttgart.
Mark Cavendish is tied with Eddie Merckx for the most Tour de France stage victories with 34.
Ghana declined in the 11th century, Mali Empire consolidated much of western Sudan in the 13th century, so 2 centuries passed which equals 200 years.
Cryptocurrency is the digital currency built on the blockchain or other network which allows people to exchange and trade for goods. There are over 1000 different kinds of cryptocurrency around the world and each of them is designed differently. Currently, the popular cryptocurrencies are Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Dogecoin.
While there are several reasons high population growth, corruption and colonialism and neocolonialism are some of the the factors.
The Willie Mays World Series Most Valuable Player Award is given to the Major League Baseball player deemed to have the most impact on his team's performance in the World Series.
Anoop Nautiyal's work has focused on issues regarding the environment and sustainable development.
Jerry Seinfeld
Jason Alexander
Julia Louis-Dreyfus
Michael Richards
Yes, Doleshwor Mahadeva (Nepali: डोलेश्वर महादेव) is a Hindu Temple of Lord Shiva located in Suryabinayak, south eastern part of Bhaktapur District, Nepal
Mary (Bloody Mary) died in 1558 and Elizabeth had Mary (Queen of Scots) imprisoned in 1567. Philip Supported plots to have Elizabeth overthrown in favor of her catholic cousin,  who he thought was the true heir: Mary, Queen of Scots.
The five skhandas are form, sensations, perceptions, mental activity and consciousness
Nkem-Nkechukwu Ojougboh was drafted by the Utah Flash in 2010.
As of 2020, there are over 20.1 million people living in the metropolitan statistical area of New York City. When considering the combined statistical area of New York City as of 2020, it is 23.5 million people.
Triathlon is a multi-sport discipline consisting of three sports performed back to back without rest. An event is made up of swimming, followed by cycling and then running. Athletes transition between the individual sports as quickly as possible, with the winner completing the course in the fastest time.
The UCI Track Cycling World Championships were held in Omnisport Apeldoorn velodrome, in the Netherlands.
Argyle, Buffelsbed, Goedehoop, and Si Bon are the game farms on Ingwelala.
Arguably the largest contributor to the conditions necessary for the financial collapse was the rapid development of predatory financial products which targeted low-income, low-information homebuyers who largely belonged to racial minorities.
The oldest known human civilizations are known to exist in Mesopotamia (Modern day Iraq), Indus Valley (a region located in modern-day Pakistan), Ancient Egypt and Ancient China.
Kaptain K. Rool is the villain and kidnaps Donkey Kong. The story takes places on the Kremling's home island, Crocodile Isle.
The Pultenaea empetrifolia has yellow to orange and red flowers.
Malibamat'so River is a river in northern Lesotho. Its origin is near to the South African border, where it drains the eastern slopes of the Maloti Range. It flows southwards past the village of Lejone, and eventually joins the Senqu River 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of Mohlanapeng.

The Malibamat'so forms the northern arm of the Katse Dam reservoir, a part of the Lesotho Highlands Water Project. Katse is Africa's highest elevation dam at 1,993 metres (6,539 ft) above sea level. Here the river is joined by the Bokong/Bokung River.
September 18, 1874
The top floor is Level 6, and below that is level 4U.
A wave that is six foot Hawaiian would be twelve feet tall from crest to trough
Mongolia
The Tesla Model 3 comes in a base model with a range of 272 miles (438 km) and also comes in a Long Range version that delivers 358 miles (576 km).
Sergio Aguero, in his first season for the club following a £30+ million move from Athletico Madrid ended the season as the club's leading goal scorer. Ten plus years later, he ended as the club's all-time leading goal scorer and holds the record for number of Premier League Hat-tricks. 

In 2012, Manchester City and local rivals, Manchester United were leading a two horse race to win the Premier League. Manchester United had previously won the league title 19 times where as this would be Manchester City's first title in over 40 years. 

It was Manchester City's to lose as they hosted relegation-bounded QPR at the Etihad Stadium and all was going to plan going into the first half following Zabaleta's goal to make it 1-0 (an unlikely goal scorer to say the least). 

However, following a mistake from centre back, Joleon Lescott, a dramatic red card for former Manchester City player, Joey Barton and a surprise second goal from QPR to make it 2-1, Manchester City looked as though they'd let the title slip through their hands. 

Manchester United had won their away game at Sunderland 1-0 so it was all down the blue half of Manchester's result. 

Just after the 90th minute, they were in stoppage time which was extended due to the commotions with Joey Barton lashing out at Carlos Tevez and Sergio Aguero. 

Striker, Edin Dzeko, scored a header from a David Silva cross to make it 2-2, but to many, this felt as too little, too late. 

Late drama unfolded as Mario Balotelli registered his one and only assist in almost 4 years at the club as he laid it off to Aguero who scored the winning goal with the last kick of the game to make it 3-2. 

Manchester City went on to win the league and QPR avoided relegation despite the loss due to results elsewhere.
He finished with an amateur record of 31–4 (26 KOs
In graph theory and computer science, an adjacency list is a collection of unordered lists used to represent a finite graph.
Haiti
They are a private military organization that is endorsed by Russian President Vladimir Putin and is being used in the ongoing war against Ukraine.
Cormac McCarthy is known for his preference to avoid punctuation in situations when it is commonly used. Two typical examples of replacing commas with the word "and" and avoiding quotation marks when characters in his novels are speaking.
Most episodes featured voice-overs done by Zach Braff (who stars as the main character, J.D.), as well as the comical daydreams of J.D. This opened up a unique visual medium that the comedy writers were not used to. Also, actors were given the chance to improvise their lines on set.
Vladikin was born on September 3, 1891 in the village of Golyamo Belovo, Pazardzhik
Panch phuran, also known as  panch phoron, comprises of the following spices in equal parts: cumin seeds, fenugreek seeds, black mustard seeds, fennel seeds and nigella seeds.
The Price Brothers and Company
The eastern section of the bridge was rebuilt because a portion of its upper deck collapsed onto the lower deck during the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake.
Gollum was unable to answer Bilbo's last question, "What have I got in my pocket?".
The team was created by the Australian CSIRO research team
George Washington died in the year 1799 at the age of 67.
Tollywood is a nickname for movies made by Telugu cinema in India.
The detection of an exoplanet was first confirmed in 1992
valley of the girls
Outlander stars Caitriona Balfe (as Claire Randall).  Her co-start is Sam Heughan (as Jamie Fraser).  It is a Starz TV Series portraying star crossed lovers who meet across time. Claire travels from 1945, back in time to 1743 and encounters: adventure, mystery, and political intrigue of the Jacobite uprising; all the time growing closer and closer to her true love Jamie Fraser. The 2014 (to present) show is based on the Outlander book series written by Diana Gabaldon, originally published in the 1990's.
One example of membrane proteins are integral membrane proteins which go across the membrane and serve as membrane transporters.
There are two rivers - Aaji and Nyari - in the vicinity of Rajkot.
The population in Suwon is close to 1.3 million.
Sauvignon blanc is a green-skinned grape variety that originates from the city of Bordeaux in France.  Sauvignon blanc is planted in many of the world's wine regions, producing a crisp, dry, and refreshing white varietal wine.
SURLYSPAWN, KEYSWEEPER, and TINYALAMO are monitoring technologies that can be used to monitor target's key strokes.
SURLYSPAWN is a keystroke monitor technology that can be used on remote computers that are not internet connected.
KEYSWEEPER is a keylogger in form of a USB wall charger, that wirelessly and passively sniffs, decrypts, logs and reports back (over GSM).
TINYALAMO is software that targets BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy) and allows keystroke surveillance (keylogger) and injection.
He appointed 57 judges, 54 federal appellate judges and three U.S. Supreme Court justices.
Aalborg is the largest city in Himmerland.
ext3 is better than ext2 because of its journaling capabilities, which improve reliability and eliminates the need to check the file system after an unclean shutdown. The successor of ext3 is ext4.
The two official forms of written Norwegian are Bokmål and Nynorsk.
The Voorhees Chapel was built in 1925, seven years after the New Jersey College for Women was founded by Elizabeth Rodman Voorhees.
Given the provided reference text, the answers to the questions are as follows:
1. Who performed at the halftime show?
The halftime show was headlined by Canadian singer The Weeknd.
2. Which team won and what was the final score?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers won the game by a score of 31–9.
3. Who was the MVP?
Tom Brady was the MVP.
4. Where was the game played?
The game was played at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida
First major agitation was in 1917 in Champaran Bihar state. The agitation was against Anglo-Indian plantation owners. Indigo was the crop that led to this agitation and the reason was the lower fixed price for the Indigo crop.
Roger Federer, born 8 August 1981, is a Swiss former professional tennis player. He was ranked world No. 1 by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) for 310 weeks, including a record 237 consecutive weeks, and finished as the year-end No. 1 five times. He won 103 singles titles on the ATP Tour, the second most of all time, including 20 major men's singles titles, a record eight men's singles Wimbledon titles, an Open Era joint-record five men's singles US Open titles, and a joint-record six year-end championships. In his home country, he is regarded as "the greatest and most successful" Swiss sportsperson in history.

A Wimbledon junior champion in 1998 and former ball boy, Federer won his first major singles title at Wimbledon in 2003 at age 21. Between 2003 and 2009, Federer played in 21 out of 28 major singles finals. He won three of the four majors and the ATP Finals in 2004, 2006, and 2007 as well as five consecutive titles at both Wimbledon and the US Open. He completed the career Grand Slam at the 2009 French Open after three consecutive runner-up finishes to Nadal, his main rival until 2010. At age 27, he surpassed Pete Sampras' record of 14 major men's singles titles at Wimbledon in 2009.

Federer and Stan Wawrinka led the Switzerland Davis Cup team to their first title in 2014, following their Olympic doubles gold victory at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Federer also won a silver medal in singles at the 2012 London Olympics, finishing runner-up to Andy Murray. After a half-year hiatus in late 2016 to recover from knee surgery, Federer returned to tennis, winning three more majors over the next two years, including the 2017 Australian Open over Rafael Nadal and an eighth singles title at the 2017 Wimbledon Championships. At the 2018 Australian Open, Federer became the first man to win 20 major singles titles and shortly the oldest ATP world No. 1 at age 36. In September 2022, he retired from professional tennis following the Laver Cup.

A versatile all-court player, Federer's perceived effortlessness has made him highly popular among tennis fans. Originally lacking self-control as a junior, he transformed his on-court demeanor to become well-liked for his graciousness, winning the Stefan Edberg Sportsmanship Award 13 times. He has won the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year award a record five times. Outside of competing, he played an instrumental role in the creation of the Laver Cup team competition. He is also an active philanthropist. He established the Roger Federer Foundation, which targets impoverished children in southern Africa, and has raised funds in part through the Match for Africa exhibition series. He is routinely one of the top ten highest-paid athletes in any sport and ranked first among all athletes with $100 million in endorsement income in 2020.
The rate of population growth changed the most between the entries for 1962 and 1968. Between 1911 and 1962, there was a -41.9% change in population, and between 1962 and 1968 there was a +11.2% change in population. The rate of change of population growth was |(−41.9% - +11.2%)| = 53.1% change, which is larger than the absolute difference between any other two consecutive rows in the table.
The Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) is a guidance kit that converts unguided bombs to precision-guided munitions. There are several reasons why JDAM is one of the most cost effective weapons ever invented.

By using GPS navigation, the JDAM guidance kit can be extremely cheap, as low as $25k/kit.  It is likely cheaper than any other precision-guided weapons.

GPS navigation provides good targeting precision, typically within meters. Combined with blast radius of 500-2000 lbs unguided bombs, JDAM can effectively destroy any targets on the ground.

Because JDAM has navigation capability, pilots no longer need to precisely aim the bombers  against the targets. It allows a bomber to quickly and precisely hit multiple targets along the route.

Some JDAM guidance kits include targeting sensors, such as laser targeting. They can be used against mobile targets, which further increases the use cases for JDAM.

In summary, by combining dumb bombs with a guidance kit, JDAM becomes a very cost effective weapon system, and is widely adopted by the US and other military forces.
The Free Software Movement is the better organization for me since I also hold a high value on ethics and believe in that vision.
This paragraph summarizing the conclusion of Groundhog Day explains what was happening when Phil wakes up on February 3 but does not explain why he is able to escape the loop.
Eucalyptus makes up most of their diet. Joeys spend the first six to seven months of their lives in their mothers' pouches. They are threatened by pathogens like Chlamydiaceae and koala retrovirus.
The Porce III Dam is an embankment dam on the Porce River 90 kilometres (56 mi) northeast of Medellín in Antioquia Department, Colombia. The dam was constructed between 2004 and 2011 for the primary purpose of hydroelectric power generation.
UVA women won NCAA titles in rowing in 2010 and 2012.
The team that drafted Marquez Pope was the San Diego Chargers in the 1992 NFL Draft.
Tiger Woods won the golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, GA and was 43 years old.
Charles Strouse
Sinking Sand is most commonly known as Quicksand.
Hamilton, the musical was based on the 2004 book Alexander Hamilton by Ron Chernow.
No, he was getting some of his food by plane.
The Calgary Flames won their only Stanley Cup in 1989
985 million words.
It's consumed usually for Sinahala and Tamil celebrations. Particularly, the New Year.
Roger Lemerre won the Euro 2000 with France and the African Cup of Nations 2004 with Tunisia
At the time of her death in 2006, Octavia Butler was 58 years old.
None of Farington's buildings are designated Grade 3. All of Farington's buildings are designated Grade II (Grade 2).
Arup Kumar Raychaudhuri is a condensed matter physicists.
4 siblings: Abdul Reza Pahlavi, Ahmad Reza Pahlavi, Mahmoud Reza Pahlavi and Hamid Reza Pahlavi.
Ruth Handler was inspired by the German Bild Lilli doll
Sometimes it is, while other times it may contain errors or deliberately misquoted.
Original Joe's is a duo of restaurants in the North Beach neighborhood of San Francisco and the Westlake neighborhood of Daly City.
316 AD
Most of the music in World of Warcraft is orchestral, with a variety of classical and folk instruments in harmony.
The last record of us sending Tardigrades into space was in April 2019, which had an unfortunate ending after the lunar lander, the Beresheet, failed and crash-landed on the moon.
The Circus is an American television documentary series initially following the 2016 presidential race.
This is because many types of mushrooms exhibit rapid growth, seemingly overnight due to fluid absorption.
Koenigsfeld is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Optimus
Booby Moore died aged 51 from colorectal and liver cancer.
Safer Internet Day raises awareness about internet safety for children and young people.
In a letter to Mandell Creighton, John Dalberg-Acton made his most famous pronouncement: "Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority, still more when you superadd the tendency or the certainty of corruption by authority."
As of 2019, battery power storage is cheaper than open cycle gas turbine power for use up to two hours.
Some insects, fish, amphibians, mollusks, crustaceans, cnidarians, echinoderms, and tunicates undergo metamorphosis
Margaret Thatcher was the first woman to be elected prime minister of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, serving in this role from her first election victory in 1979 until she was forced out of office by members of her own party in 1990. During this time she transformed the economic situation in the United Kingdom by introducing economic policies intended to reverse high inflation and weak growth. By constraining the power of trades unions and overseeing extensive deregulation and privatisation, Thatcher helped to create a period of extended growth and economic success. Together with Ronald Reagan, she was also instrumental in recognising and supporting the opportunity to end communist rule in the Soviet Union, where she was dubbed the 'Iron Lady', through her friendship with the Russian leader, Mikhail Gorbachev. Her legacy was to end the so-called 'post-war consensus' in the UK (characterised by high taxes, regulation and nationalisation) and to replace it with policies that encouraged free-enterprise and personal responsibility while acknowledging the importance of the welfare state, provided it was administered responsibly. Although disliked by many on the left for the way that she challenged excessive union power, she is generally acknowledged as the most important British politician of the late twentieth century.
The distances for a full ironman competition are 2.4 miles (3.9km) for the swim, 112 miles (180km) for the bike and 26.2 miles (42.2km) for the run.
Connie Passalacqua Hayman taught journalism at New York University from 1995 to 2001 and at Marymount Manhattan College from 2007 to 2014.
Pablo Ruiz Picasso was born on 25 October 1881 in Málaga, Spain. He was a Spanish painter, sculptor, printmaker, ceramicist and theatre designer who spent most of his adult life in France. He is one of the most famous and influential artists of the 20th century because he co-founded the Cubist movement, the invention of constructed sculpture, co-invented collage, and he delveoped and explored a wide variety of other styles. Among his most famous works are the proto-Cubist Les Demoiselles d'Avignon (1907), and the anti-war painting Guernica (1937), a dramatic portrayal of the bombing of Guernica by German and Italian air forces during the Spanish Civil War.
The New York Hotel in Salt Lake City, Utah, at 42 Post Office Pl., was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

It was a work of leading Salt Lake City architect Richard K.A. Kletting.

It is a three-story brick building designed to have shops on the ground floor and 62 hotel rooms above. Some hotel room suites had bathrooms; there were also single rooms served by a bathroom on each floor. It was "completely modern" in 1906, having both steam heat and electric lights.

The building is 49 feet (15 m) tall; the first/second/third floors are 14 feet (4.3 m), 10 feet (3.0 m), and 10.5 feet (3.2 m) tall, respectively.

It was built as a luxury hotel for Orange J. Salisbury, a mining engineer and businessman who obtained patents and started the United Filter Corporation.
The gestation period for bull sharks is 12 months.
While there was a lot of complexity based on the circumstances that occurred, the prevailing controversy with the race was related to the fact that lapped cars were only partially allowed to clear the track. This meant that Max Verstappen was cleared to attack Lewis Hamilton on fresher tyres for the last part of the final lap. Lewis and Max both needed to win the final race to win the championship. This would have been Max's first ever championship or Lewis' record-breaking 8th championship. By allowing only the cars between Max and Lewis, the race director only partially adhered to the rules. This virtually handed the win to Max and Red Bull. While Mercedes immediately protested the decision and final result. Max was awarded the championship.
The Wire Fox Terrier is to date, the winningest breed at the Westminster Show with 15 total wins. Terriers in general have won over 40% of the Best in Show competitions across the long history of the show.
The Lotus Mark IX was designed by Frank Costin.
The Tampa Convention Center opened in 1990 and is about 600,000 square feet.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University
John Buchan
The programming languages Netscape tried to add to their browser to make it more dynamic were Java and Scheme.

In 1995, Netscape pursued two routes to add dynamic behavior to their browser, Netscape Navigator:
1. Collaborating with Sun Microsystems to embed the Java programming language
2. Hiring Brendan Eich to embed the Scheme language
Joseph A. Garcia attended Austin E. Lathrop High School and T.C. Williams High School. After high school, he attended the University of Colorado Boulder and Harvard Law School.
AC Milan has won 18 FIFA and UEFA trophies, which is the fourth most out of any club.
Only Gus Grissom did not survive to reach retirement. All others survived past retirement from service. The cause of his death is the Apollo 1 fire.
Ron "Pigpen" McKernan was the original keyboard player of the Grateful Dead. Others to play keyboards for the Grateful Dead include Tom Constanten, Keith Godchaux, Brent Mydland and Vince Welnick.
"I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)" was originally released in 1972 as the final track on the album Seventh Sojourn and was later released as a single in 1973.
It has been 22 years since Calcutta was renamed Kolkata.
No, patatas bravas could not have existed in 1490. This is because in 1490 the Americas had not yet been visited by Europeans, and so Spaniards didn't have access to the potatoes, tomatoes or chilis present in the dish, because those plants are all from the Americas originally.
The first triathlon occurred in San Diego, California in 1974. Unlike today's events, the triathlon began with a run.
Atlassian Corporation was founded in Australia, but is domeciled in Delaware, with global headquarters in Sydney, Australia, and US headquarters in San Francisco.
Vermeer's "The Little Street" is significant in the context of the Dutch Golden Age movement as it depicts a typical aspect of life in a Dutch Golden Age town during the 17th century. It is one of only two known Vermeer paintings of views of Delft, the others being "View of Delft". Its attention to detail, the use of light, and the realistic portrayal of everyday life are characteristic of the Dutch Golden Age movement's focus on realism and domesticity in art.
A circular economy focuses on the principles of eliminating waste and pollution, circulating products and materials, and the regeneration of nature. In contrast, most capitalistic economies are called "linear" in that raw materials are turned into products which are eventually discarded. While a circular economy focuses on sustainable consumption on an Earth with limited resources, linear economies like the USA's implicitly assume a never-ending supply of raw material inputs.
KITS plays on 105.3FM in San Francisco, California. Its radio tower is located on Radio Road at San Bruno Mountain in Daly City.
Pinot Gris, Pinot Grigio (US: /ˈpiːnoʊ ˈɡriːdʒioʊ, -dʒoʊ/, UK: /ˈɡrɪdʒioʊ/) or Grauburgunder is a white wine grape variety of the species Vitis vinifera. Pinot Gris is grown around the globe, with the "spicy" full-bodied Alsatian and lighter-bodied, more acidic Italian styles being most widely recognized.
There is no single agreed inventor of the Reuben sandwich. The text gives these possible answers:
*  Reuben Kulakofsky invented the sandwich in Omaha, Nebraska
* Arnold Reuben invented the sandwich at Reuben's Delicatessen in New York City
* Alfred Scheuing invented the sandwich at Reuben's Delicatessen in New York City
Dick Lammi was most famous for his work as a member of Lu Watters's band, the Yerba Buena Jazz Band.
American Fantasy Press is a science fiction/fantasy/horror specialty press owned and operated by Robert T. Garcia and Nancy Garcia. 

Located in Woodstock, Illinois, the press has published: The first U.S. hardcover edition of Dennis Etchison's Darkside (A 10th anniversary edition); the chapbook edition of The Man on the Ceiling by Steve Rasnic and Melanie Tem, the chapbook of A Walking Tour of the Shambles by Neil Gaiman and Gene Wolfe, the first U.S. hardcover edition of Michael Moorcock's The Dreamthief's Daughter (a signed, limited edition), the chapbook The Broecker Sampler, featuring the artwork of Randy Broecker, a broadsheet of Jo Fletcher's poem Midnight Monster illustrated by Gahan Wilson, and the first hardcover edition of the Mary Frances Zambreno's short story collection Invisible Pleasures. 

It published the fantasy short story collection by Mike Resnick, Stalking the Zombie which features his hard-boiled detective John J. Mallory in an alternate Manhattan. In 2015, the press published The Collectors' Book of Virgil Finlay, by Robert Weinberg, Douglas Ellis and AF publisher Robert Garcia.
Taylor Swift won 12 Grammy Awards, one Emmy Awards, 29 Billboard Music Awards, and had 31 songs on the Billboard Global 200 simultaneously, breaking the record for the most simultaneous entries for an artist on the Billboard Global 200.
Mick Brough, Jack Macdonald, Bert Sandos, and Arthur Eastwood won a gold medal alongside Waters in the coxed four.
British and Canadian.
Between 1986 and 2007, DLP was available, but not the fastest growing fraternity.
pertains to the significance of living or existence in general
George HW Bush lost the presidency due to an economic recession and his turnaround on a tax promise
April 6, 2003
Coffee plants are cultivated mainly in the equatorial regions of the Americas, Southeast Asia, the Indian subcontinent, and Africa. The most common types of coffee beans are arabica and robusta.
A column store database stores data as any other database management system. The data itself is stored sequentially to improve the performance of scans on a subset of individual columns.
Finland has started the formal relationship with NATO in 1994 when it joined the Partnership for Peace program. However it wasn't a NATO member up until April 4 2023 when it became an official member of NATO.
Pinot noir (French: [pino nwaʁ]) is a red-wine grape variety of the species Vitis vinifera. Pinot noir is grown around the world, mostly in cooler climates, and the variety is chiefly associated with the Burgundy region of France. Pinot noir is now used to make red wines around the world, as well as champagne, sparkling white wines such as the Italian Franciacorta, and English sparkling wines.
None. Battery storage is the fastest responding dispatchable source of power on electric grids.
Chengdu is associated with the giant panda, a Chinese national symbol, which inhabits the area of Sichuan; the city is home to the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding.
Hockey can refer to Ice Hockey, Field Hockey, or Ball Hockey. Each are played on a different surface like a sheet of ice, a gymnasium floor, or an outdoor field.
Jack Kerouac raised in Lowell, Massachusetts. He most famous book, On the Road, was published in 1957. He was a member of the Beats.
About 450,000 people live in Oakland, Ca during the last census
At UCLA, North Campus hosts the arts, humanities, social sciences, law, history, and business programs, while South Campus is home to the physical sciences, life sciences, engineering, mathematical sciences, health-related fields, and the UCLA Medical Center. The UCLA Campus is bordered by Bel Air, Brentwood, and Beverly Hills.
The timeline for AGI development remains a subject of ongoing debate among researchers and experts, with some arguing it may be possible in the coming decades, while others maintain it might take much longer or may never be achieved at all.
Shana Woods holds 4 national high school records currently
The singer Lee Ji-eun, or better known as IU, debuted on September 23, 2008 with her first extended play "Lost and Found". Her most popular song is "Good Day" from her 2010 album "Real" which was ranked number one on Billboard's "100 Greatest K-Pop Songs of the 2010s" list.
A missing letter and confusion in communication caused Georges to arrive at the mistaken conclusion that Helene has redirected her affections towards Walter Rogers (a foolish young man), who is unworthy of her and excessively preoccupied with his stylish personal appearance and elegant clothing.
The 2008 Pittsburgh Pirates finished the season with a record of 67-95.
Observer bias is one of the types of detection bias and is defined as any kind of systematic divergence from accurate facts during observation and the recording of data and information in studies. The definition can be further expanded upon to include the systematic difference between what is observed due to variation in observers, and what the true value is.

Observer bias is the tendency of observers to not see what is there, but instead to see what they expect or want to see. This is a common occurrence in the everyday lives of many and is a significant problem that is sometimes encountered in scientific research and studies. Observation is critical to scientific research and activity, and as such, observer bias may be as well. When such biases exist, scientific studies can result in an over- or underestimation of what is true and accurate, which compromises the validity of the findings and results of the study, even if all other designs and procedures in the study were appropriate.

Observational data forms the foundation of a significant body of knowledge. Observation is a method of data collection and falls into the category of qualitative research techniques. There are a number of benefits of observation, including its simplicity as a data collection method and its usefulness for hypotheses. Simultaneously, there are many limitations and disadvantages in the observation process, including the potential lack of reliability, poor validity, and faulty perception. Participants’ observations are widely used in sociological and anthropological studies, while systematic observation is used where researchers need to collect data without participants direct interactions. The most common observation method is naturalistic observation, where subjects are observed in their natural environments with the goal to assess the behaviour in an intervention free and natural setting.

Observer bias is especially probable when the investigator or researcher has vested interests in the outcome of the research or has strong preconceptions. Coupled with ambiguous underlying data and a subjective scoring method, these three factors contribute heavily to the incidence of observer bias.

Examples of cognitive biases include:

Anchoring – a cognitive bias that causes humans to place too much reliance on the initial pieces of information they are provided with for a topic. This causes a skew in judgement and prevents humans and observers from updating their plans and predictions as appropriate.

Bandwagon effect – the tendency for people to “jump on the bandwagon” with certain behaviours and attitudes, meaning that they adopt particular ways of doings things based on what others are doing.

Bias blind spot – the tendency for people to recognize the impact of bias on others and their judgements, while simultaneously failing to acknowledge and recognize the impact that their own biases have on their own judgement.

Confirmation bias – the tendency for people to look for, interpret, and recall information in such a way that their preconceived beliefs and values are affirmed.

Guilt and innocence by association bias – the tendency for people to hold an assumption that individuals within a group share similar characteristics and behaviours, including those that would hail them as innocent or guilty.

Halo effect – the tendency for the positive impressions and beliefs in one area around a person, brand, company, product or the like to influence an observers opinions or feelings in other unrelated areas.

Framing effect – the tendency for people to form conclusions and opinions based on whether the pertinent relevant is provided to them with positive or negative connotations.

Recency effect – the tendency for more recent pieces of information, ideas, or arguments to be remembered more clearly than those that preceded.
Mission Beach Post Office opened on 15 December 1949.
Porsche stopped producing air-cooled engines in the 911 in 1998 with the 996 series.
Buckingham city was the furthest, 5 miles from the station.
Neither.  It was first described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1875, which is in the 19th century.
Spaghetti production is straight-forward, but requires the maker to ensure the mixture is homogenous and without air bubbles before starting the drying process. The drying process itself needs to be monitored to ensure that the individual spaghetti strands do not stick together but also do not dry out so much that they become brittle
Arsenal - 14
No, Beavers are the second-largest living rodents, second to Capybaras.
maple products
The Any Day Now EP is Elbow's third release. This EP was released through Elbow's first record label Ugly Man Records, as well as their second record label V2 Records. Both EPs each have a different track listing.

The song "George Lassoes the Moon" on the Ugly Man Records version of the EP differs from the version on The Noisebox EP. Not only is it a minute shorter, but it also is musically more produced than the rough first version. "Wurzel" is an instrumental song.
Boston College is the best Jesuit private university in Boston.
Yorkshire Terrier originated from English county of Yorkshire, it has a small size with weight of no more than 3.2 kg. They have a variety of colors but typically their coats are tan on the head and dark steel-grey on the body.
Laika was one of the first animals in space and the first one to orbit the space. She was sent into the outer space by the Soviet Union. She died of overheating hours into the flight while the spacecraft carrying her was in the orbit.
Emperor Menelik, Empress Taytu, Ras Makonnen, Ras Wale Betul, Tekle Haymanot Tessemma, Ras Mengesha Yohannes, Ras Mikael were the top commanders and leaders.
Hackpad was acquired by Dropbox in April 2014.
Minimum age should be 18 years and applicant should have permanent residence permit or right of residence.
Postmodernism is a philosophical position that questions the certainty and immutability of human knowledge. It emerges in opposition to the main tenets of modernism and rejects claims of objective universal truths that are not bound and shaped by the social, historical, political and cultural context in which they arise. Postmodernist attitudes are characterized by moral relativism, a view where opposite moral precepts and world views are equally valid regardless of their consequences or scientific underpinning. This has led to criticism from thinkers that subscribe to rationalism and the notion that objective truths can be derived from scientific rigor.
WFSD Radio is licensed to Tallahassee, Florida, United States
Ghost Town is a song recorded by American singer Adam Lambert for his third studio album, The Original High (2015). It was released as the album's lead single on April 21, 2015. The single garnered considerable commercial and critical success, becoming somewhat of a sleeper hit in select countries and receiving a substantial amount of radio play in the US.
The word solar means "pertaining to the Sun", which is derived from the Latin word sol, meaning Sun. The Sun is the dominant gravitational member of the Solar System, and its planetary system is maintained in a relatively stable, slowly evolving state by following isolated, gravitationally bound orbits around the Sun
Augusta Ada King, Countess of Lovelace (née Byron; 10 December 1815 – 27 November 1852) is often regarded as the first computer programmer for her work on the Analytical Engine with Charles Babbage.
Silvio Micali is a cryptography professor at MIT. He received a Turing award in 2012 along with Shafi Goldwasser for their work on zero-knowledge proofs. Micali also founded Algorand, which is a a proof-of-stake blockchain cryptocurrency protocol and company.
1992
Mexico
MS Dhoni is a former cricketer and captain of the Indian national team. He is most famously known for leading India to victory in 2007 ICC World Twenty20, the 2011 Cricket World Cup and the 2013 ICC Champions Trophy. He is also known for his calm captaincy and considered as one of the best finishers and greatest wicket-keepers in the history of the game.
Actually, the glass ceiling is considered worse for minority women, not better. This is because they have to face both racial and gender inequalities.
'kwon' in Korean means punching or striking with the hand
Twitch surpassed 100 million viewers per month in the year 2015.
Northern half of France in the 8th to 14th centuries.
Joseph Charlton played for the South Carolina Gamecocks.
20
2008: Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 development began
Feb. 2009: officially announced
March 2009: game testing bagan
Nov. 10, 2009: released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
2014: released for macOS
2018: released for Xbox One
March 2020: a remastered version is released on the PlayStation 4
April 2020: a remastered version is released on Microsoft WIndows and Xbox One
The F-22 Raptor was built primarily by Lockheed Martin, but several significant components were built by Boeing including the wings, aft fuselage, avionics integration, and training systems.
Frank Lloyd Wright continues to be an inspiration in architecture around the United States and many of his originally designed buildings and structures stand today.
The Cambridge University Boat Club (CUBC)  was founded in 1828
The Kumanichi Road Race was first held in 1957. Takayuki Matsumiya and Yuka Hakoyama hold the course records.
Gerard Woodward
Tim McCann
In the prompting paradigm, popularized by GPT-3, the problem to be solved is formulated via a text prompt, which the model must solve by providing a completion (via inference). In "few-shot prompting", the prompt includes a small number of examples of similar (problem, solution) pairs.
Hearst died at the age of 70 in 1891, so he must have been born in either 1820 or 1821.
Piotrków Kujawski. Rudzk Duży is closest to Piotrków Kujawski.
House music originated in Chicago, Illinois in the United States of America by producers/DJs such as Frankie Knuckles, Ron Hardy, and Jesse Saunders.
Mona Lisa, The Last Supper, Vitruvian Man, Salvator Mundi
Amazon Kindle
skiing is a form of outdoor winter sport. Done in the mountains. You can ski on piste and off piste.
The Himalayan mountain range is located in South East Asia. It spans India, Pakistan and Nepal.
Violet Jessop is well known for been onboard the RSM Olympic when it collided in 1911, and letter surviving the RMS Titanic in 1912, and the HMHS Britannic in 1916.
The first established space was Short Creek Camp which was founded in 1874 by the North-West Mounted Police
Taylor Swift is a democrat.
The original Jimmy John's was located in Charleston, Illinois.
The river nurtured China's civilization is named the Yellow River
Babylon 5 is an American television series created by writer and producer J. Michael Straczynski.
The Driftwood River is part of the Mississippi River.
A large language model (LLM) is a language model consisting of a neural network with many parameters (typically billions of weights or more), trained on large quantities of unlabelled text using self-supervised learning.
Coffee has a stimulating effect on humans, primarily due to its caffeine content.
This passage does not give enough information to conclude what the median number of people per family in Zangisheh is as it only mentions the total population and number of families. We could calculate the arithmetic mean of the number of people per family from this information by dividing the total number of people by the number of families, but the information in the passage is not sufficient to determine the median number of people per family.
Proposed tasks for the Tesla Bot are ones that are "dangerous, repetitive and boring", such as providing manufacturing assistance.
The largest cities in the Southwestern United States are Phoenix, Las Vegas, El Paso, Albuquerque, and Tucson.
The first race in 1903 was won by Maurice Garin, over his rival Hippolyte Aucouturier
Homo sapiens
Anatomically modern humans emerged around 300,000 years ago in Africa, evolving from Homo heidelbergensis or a similar species and migrating out of Africa, gradually replacing or interbreeding with local populations of archaic humans. For most of history, humans were nomadic hunter-gatherers.
Octavia Butler was a black Hugo and Nebula awards winning science fiction author from Pasadena, California.
GitHub Copilot includes assistive features for programmers, such as the conversion of code comments to runnable code and autocomplete for chunks of code, repetitive sections of code, and entire methods and/or functions.
Kelly Slater
White hydrogen
Manis Lamond was a striker
Due to the first World War
June 2021
Patrick James Mara was most known for being a political adviser to Taoiseach Charles Haughey and serving as Press Secretary and Government Press Secretary.
Based on this text, Drake Maye attended Myers Park High School in Charlotte, North Carolina.
64 years old. He was born in 1948 and died in 2012, so 2012 - 1948 = 64.
Sir Thomas Staples, 9th Baronet
Milky Way is the galaxy that includes Solar System in which our planet Earth is located.
Madrid
According to this paragraph, Frederic Foley applied for the patent but it was ultimately awarded to Paul Riache instead.
Yes, time travel is indeed a real thing. But it's not quite what you've probably seen in the movies. Under certain conditions, it is possible to experience time passing at a different rate than 1 second per second. And there are important reasons why we need to understand this real-world form of time travel.
Evelyn Quan Wang is a middle-aged Chinese American immigrant who runs a laundromat with her husband, Waymond.
According to this text, Disneyland was built first in 1955, with Disney World construction starting later in 1967 and first opening in 1971.
I Liq Chuan is a style of martial art founded by Chin Lik Keong from Malaysia that is also known as the "Martial Art of Awareness".
Kostas Georgakis went to Genoa, Italy in 1967 to study geology.
Roth 401(k) is a type of 401(k) where accounts, contributions, and withdrawals have no impact on income tax. The benefit of the Roth account is that the capital gains are tax-free.

In the United States, a 401(k) plan is an employer-sponsored, defined-contribution, personal pension (savings) account, as defined in subsection 401(k) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Periodical employee contributions come directly out of their paychecks and may be matched by the employer.
Before the war, Ihor Lapin was a lawyer and a member of the Bar Qualification-Disciplinary Commission.
The atomic number of magnesium is 12.
Examples include multi-step arithmetic, taking college-level exams, identifying the intended meaning of a word, chain-of-thought prompting, decoding the International Phonetic Alphabet, unscrambling a word’s letters, identifying offensive content in paragraphs of Hinglish (a combination of Hindi and English), and generating a similar English equivalent of Kiswahili proverbs.
Yes, she lives in Moscow
Although the falcons have been to two Super Bowl games in their history, they have not won a Super Bowl yet.
Sensory processing disorder (SPD, formerly known as sensory integration dysfunction) is a condition in which multisensory input is not adequately processed to provide appropriate responses to the demands of the environment. Sensory processing disorder is present in many people with autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Individuals with SPD may inadequately process visual, auditory, olfactory (smell), gustatory (taste), tactile (touch), vestibular (balance), proprioception (body awareness), and interoception (internal body senses) sensory stimuli.
The Sikh forces defeated Baghaur forces in the Battle of Baghaur.
Janne Mortil is likely best known for her roles as Madeleine Astor in the movie "Titanic", Michelle Dupont in the TV show "Side Effects", and Detective Tricia Kelsey in "Street Justice".
Penguins are a group of aquatic flightless birds.
Spain
The current record holder for most Grammy Awards won in a lifetime is Beyoncé.
Eric Arthur Blair, better known by his pen name George Orwell, was born in Motihari, Bengal Presidency, British India on June 25th, 1903.  Raised and educated in England, Orwell fought in the Spanish Civil War, worked as a journalist for the BBC during World War 2 and went on to author a number of literary classics such as Animal Farm and Nineteen Eighty Four which lead to him being named among the top 50 greatest British writers.
Tidal coupling or synchronous rotation is what causes one astronomical object's face to be fixed pointing to another, just as the Moon's visible face is always pointing to the Earth. A coupled object takes the same amount of time to rotate about its axis as it does to translate around its companion. This synchronous rotation, also known as captured rotation or synchronous rotation, causes one hemisphere to point continuously toward the companion object. Normally, only the satellite couples around a larger planet, but if the mass difference between the two bodies and the distance between them is small, both objects may have a reciprocal tidal coupling, as Pluto and Charon do.
Neural networks are computer systems inspired by the biological neural networks that constitute animal brains
Ready Player One is a 2011 science fiction novel written by American author Ernest Cline.
Yes, ferrets sleep 14 to 18 hours per day.
Emperor Caracalla gave Roman Citizenship to all free men in the Roman Empire.
Beethoven was a German composer and pianist known for his famous symphonies such as Moonlight Sonata.
Instead of exporting slaves, Africa began exporting palm oil, cocoa, timber, and gold.
In artificial intelligence in general, and in large language models in particular, a "hallucination" is a confident response that does not seem to be justified by the model's training data.
Alberto Michán Halbinger competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Michał Rozenfeld studied psychology before being sent to the Warsaw Ghetto during the war. He is buried at the Jewish Cemetery on Okopowa Street in Warsaw.
A red letter day is any day of special significance or opportunity such as holidays and festivals.
Davos indeed has an excellent hockey team and a record of most Swiss national titles.

Hockey Club Davos is a professional Swiss ice hockey club based in Davos, Switzerland. Davos plays in the National League (NL). It is generally referred to by its abbreviation "HCD" by the fans. The team is usually a strong force in the league and often bolster their roster with Swiss national team players and players who once played for National Hockey League teams. HC Davos also has hosted the annual Spengler Cup tournament, an invitational competition, since 1923.

The team had the lowest attendance of the National League for the 2016–17 season, averaging 4,792 spectators over their 25 regular season home games.

History
HC Davos was founded in 1921. In 1923, Davos presented the first Spengler Cup, one of the oldest tournaments in sports still being played.

HC Davos was led by a forward line known as "The ni-storm" (German: Der ni-sturm) from 1933 to 1950, which included Bibi Torriani, along with brothers Hans Cattini and Ferdinand Cattini. The line was named for the last syllable (-ni) of players' surnames. The ni-storm was regarded as the top line of HC Davos and the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team from 1933 to 1950. During this time, the club won 18 Swiss championships, and six Spengler Cups.

The team was relegated into 1. Liga in 1990, one of the lowest points in its history. After a new beginning, the club moved into the Swiss League, and two years later returned to the NL. Davos has been among the best teams in the league since, with recent league championships in 2002, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011, and 2015.
Preston North End & Arsenal Football Club
Commercial fisheries for squat lobsters currently exist only in Latin America, mainly in Chile due to the restriction on commercial exploitation of these animals. There are, however, a number of experimental fisheries in countries such as Argentina, Mexico, and New Zealand.
There are a total of 13 windows.

The side of the house with the entrance has two four-light windows, the north and south side have four windows each, and the back of the building has three.

Therefore, in total, the house has 2 + 4 + 4 + 3 windows or 13 windows.
It boils around 20.268 K (−252.882 °C or −423.188 °F).
The 1999 Champions league final was won by Manchester United in dramatic fashion when they scored two goals in injury time. Teddy Sheringham and Ole Solskjaer scored late on for United after they'd conceded a goal early in the first half. The victory gave manchester United the "treble" and is considered one of the greatest achievements in the history of club football.
It was announced at the company's Artificial Intelligence (AI) Day event on August 19, 2021.
Tiramisu with strawberries can not be called Tiramisu. Only with chocolate.
The Vietnam War started on 1 November 1955
A centaur is a creature from Greek mythology according to this paragraph. It can be inferred because numerous Greek gods were referenced in the passage.
The main actors in Justice League Dark were Matt Ryan and Jason O'Mara. In the film, Matt Ryan is John Constantine and Jason O'Mara is Batman.
The planet Jupiter is referred to as a gas giant, because the matter that makes it up is almost entirely in gaseous form. It has no solid form like many of the other planets in our solar system. Jupiter consists primarily of hydrogen and helium. By volume, the hydrogen distribution ranges from 71-90%, while we will find anywhere from 10-24% helium. There are also traces of other materials to be found. These include methane, water vapour, ammonia, silicon-based compounds and others.
Ghana was the first sub-Saharan colony to gain independence.
He is the third generation of Chinese leadership
The area of one half of a volleyball court is 81 square meters. The total area of the court is 162 square meters (9 m x 18 m). It is divided into two equal square halves of 81 square meters each (9 m x 9 m).
Peanuts are typically harvested from late August to October
They operated as a business for 10 years, between 2002 and 2012.
a boat
Tyrone Brazelton attended Rich East High School and then transferred to Rich Central High School for his senior year.
Giovanni Dominici was beatified on April 9, 1832.
The Oath of Leo III, painted by Raphael, can be found in the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican.
Scottish Actor
George K. McGunnegle was 64 when he retired in July of 1919.
2 360-degree rotations are allowed since January 2012.
The name of the Tampa Bay Rays stadium is Tropicana Field and their main rivals are the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees.
sweden
The text provided does not mention information about Super Bowl LV. However, it does provide information regarding Super Bowl LVI.

In Super Bowl LVI, Stafford threw 3 touchdown passes, two to Cooper Kupp and one to Odell Beckham Jr.

In the first quarter, Stafford led a long drive that culminated in a Odell Beckham Jr. touchdown reception. Stafford later tossed a touchdown to wide receiver Cooper Kupp. In the fourth quarter, Stafford orchestrated a drive in the final minutes that ended with another touchdown pass to Kupp.
If ASML has 67 percent of the worldwide sales of lithography machines and if Ultratech, Canon and Nikon, MKS Instruments, Lam Research and Cadence Design Systems represent their sole competition, than these companies must share the remaining 33 percent of the market.
The Hawkeye Creek Bridge is a historic structure located in a rural area northeast of Mediapolis, Iowa, United States. The Des Moines County Board of Supervisors contracted with Clinton Bridge and Iron Works on September 23, 1909, to design and build this bridge. 

It is an 80-foot (24 m) span that carries traffic of a gravel road over Hawkeye Creek. The structure is a single rigid-connected Pratt through truss that is supported by concrete abutments. It basically remains in an unaltered condition. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
Thanjavur paintings are easily discernible from the gold coating on wooden panels which form the base. They are characterized by  vivid colors, simple composition of icons along with usage of glass beads and at times precious stones. The subjects of paintings have traditionally been Hindus gods though they have evolved to depict secular subjects from other religions.
The leaf blade can be green or reddish; the leaf stalks are usually white, yellow or red.
It means toad worship, an internet meme spoofing Jiang Zemin
The National League (NL) consists of 15 teams aligned in three divisions. In the NL East are the Atlanta Braves, Miami Marlins, New York Mets, Philadelphia Phillies, and Washington (D.C.) Nationals. In the NL Central are the Chicago Cubs, Cincinnati Reds, Milwaukee Brewers, Pittsburgh Pirates, and St. Louis Cardinals.
Apache Spark is an open-source analytics engine for large-scale data processing.
Teodoro "Teddy" de Villa Diaz was stabbed to death by two bystanders when he was 25 years old.
Poseidon has power to control the winds that guide ships on the seas of the Mediterranean.
According to this text, The Walt Disney Company is headquartered in Burbank, California.
Sam McElroy was the head football coach of Tarleton State University and had a combined record of 40-15.
Tamil is a Dravidian language natively spoken by the Tamil people of South Asia. It is the official language of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu as well as the union territory Puducherry, as well as the sovereign nations of Sri Lanka and Singapore. Tamil is also spoken by significant minorities in the four other South Indian states of Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, and the Union Territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. It is also spoken by the Tamil diaspora found in many countries, including Malaysia, Myanmar, South Africa, United Kingdom, United States, Canada, Australia and Mauritius.
N.V. Virgin Express S.A. was founded on April 23, 1996 and its main hub was the Brussels Airport.
Light roasts and dark roasts differ in caffeine content by about 0.1%.
Penicillin has an anti-bacterial effect of a number of Gram-positive bacteria including but not limited to the bacteria that cause meningitis, diptheria, pneumonia, scarlet fever.  It also acts on (Gram-positive) staphylococci bacteria which cause skin and soft tissue infections such as boils.  Penicillin was also found to have an anti-bacterial action on the Gram-negative bacteria which causes gonorrhoea.  There were a series of fortuitous circumstances which combined to allow the discovery of penicillin, one of which was Sir Alexander's choice to take a holiday with his family after leaving staphylococci bacteria in a culture in his lab before departure.  Anecdotally Sir Alexander was a little sloppy with lab hygiene which contributed to his previous discovery of lysozyme and it seems the same lack of care was partly responsible for the discovery of penicillin.  Lastly the specific location of his lab and cultures played a role - the fungal contaminant that had an anti-bacterial effect on the staphylococci culture came from Sir Alexander's colleagues lab one floor below
The new design developed in 2017 has a planned power generation of 16,153 GWh/year using 16  hydropower generating units.
Mar-a-Lago was built between the years 1924 to 1927.
7-foot areas on either side of the net known
Lugașu de Jos is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 3,580 people. It is composed of three villages: Lugașu de Jos, Lugașu de Sus (Felsolugos) and Urvind (Oervend).
Smuggler Cove shell Midden is located in Oswald West State Park near Neahkahnie Beach in Oregon, United States.
Marie Curie and Pierre Curie are the first couple to win the Nobel prize.
S26 begins in Tetlow and ends in Waidmannslust.
It was windy
According to this paragraph, Stevens has the most wins as an NCAA coach in his first three years and took Butler to its first Final Four in the history of the school. He was also the youngest men's college basketball coach ever to take his team to the NCAA championship game and to two consecutive Final Fours.
Today, the most popular method for training multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs) is back-propagation. During backpropagation, the output values are compared with the correct answer to compute the value of some predefined error-function. The error is then fed back through the network. Using this information, the algorithm adjusts the weights of each connection in order to reduce the value of the error function by a small amount. After repeating this process for a sufficiently large number of training cycles, the network will usually converge to a state where the error of the calculations is small. In this case, one would say that the network has learned a certain target function
The average and highest elevations of the Kwahu Plateau are 1,500 feet and 2,587 feet, respectively.
The difference was about 542
Anachemmis sober is part of the family of spiders of the species of false wolf.
Bodo Tümmler is a middle-distance runner who was born in Thorn, West-Prussia (now Poland).
Diversity drives creativity, innovation, and personal growth.
In the 19th to 20th century, Europeans commonly use artworks to portray prejudice towards Middle Eastern and Asian people.
Libya possessed large oil reserves enabling it to experience rapid economic growth.
Damascus
University of Essex
plant
private school
Gisborne City were relegated at the end of the 1991 season.
According to general relativity, a black hole emits no lights at all. Thus it is 100% black by definition. However, when quantum effects are included, a black hole has finite temperature,  emitting lights called Hawking radiation. In this sense, a black hole is not truly black.
George Watson Buck went to Quaker School at Ackworth, West Yorkshire and got a job at the East London Waterworks Company in 1807.
453 people died in the Cloquet fire that occurred in northern Minnesota, United States in October 1918.

In addition to the 453 people that died, 52,000 people were injured or displaced, 38 communities were destroyed, 250,000 acres (100,000 ha) were burned, and $73 million ($1.315 billion in 2023 United States dollars) in property damage was suffered.
In 1974 Gordy Ainsleigh was the first to run it in under 24 hours.
The Bobcaygeon Independent was established in 1869 and ceased publication in 2004.
The golden age for jewish culture started somewhere around 711-718 and it was in Spain.
The hermit hummingbird hawkmoth was first described in 1875, which is in the 19th century.
1430 total patrons can be served. There are 750 seats in Schauspielhaus Zürich, 400 in the Schiffbau/Halle, 200 in the Schiffbau/Box and 80 in the Schiffbau/Matchbox. This totals to 750 + 400 + 200 + 80 = 1430 seats. Each patron requires one seat
The field of AI was officially born in 1956 during a workshop organised at Dartmouth College
The climate is mild, and does not go below freezing by much in the winter with tropical weather summers.  Pack for light layers, and adjust for the time of year.
István Szalay was a Hungarian mathematician and politician.
A chemical structure determination includes a chemist's specifying the molecular geometry and, when feasible and necessary, the electronic structure of the target molecule or other solid.
The photofinish camera was focused on a point approximately 26.86cm forward of the true finish line.
Elizabeth II was the queen of the United Kingdom and the longest-reigning monarch.
Water is made cohesive due to its polar property which allows it to attract other water molecules via hydrogen bonds.
Succession centres on the Roy family, the owners of Waystar RoyCo
Based on this passage of text, Nanni Loy wrote and directed the movie Heads I Win, Tails You Lose.
One reason why the London Docklands became a focus for regeneration in the 1980s is that London had an increasing role as an international financial centre.
The third Summer Games to be held in Australia will be hosted in Brisbane, Queensland.
Sheep keepers sometimes artificially paint "smit marks" onto their sheep in any pattern or color for identification.
Jane Goodall, 89, is a world-renown primatologist, famous for her study of chimpanzees. She has dedicated her life to conservation and animal welfare issues, and founded the Jane Goodall Institute and the Roots & Shoots programme. She was named a UN Messenger of Peace in 2002, and is an honorary member of the World Future Council.
LIV refers to the Roman numerals for 54. The first tournament was hosted June 2022 and s funded by the wealth fund of Saudi Arabia
The are approximately between 160 and 176 riders start the tour de france. Each team has 8 member riders with between 20 and 22 teams participating.
Taylor Fritz is from the United States and his best finish in a Grand Slam tournament was reaching the quarterfinals at Wimbledon in 2022.
In the middle of the short story, the story changes from present to past narrative as Mansfield shows that events such as the music lesson, the walk, etc. all occurred in Matilda's past, and she and her brother are actually sailing away on board a ship several years down the line. The reader finds out that all that went before were memories.
Palm Cove is located in Far North Queensland on the Australian coast.
Based on this passage, Robert Byrd, Strom Thurmond and Kennedy were the three longest-serving senators of all time.
It is based on the 1949 memoir of Maria von Trapp
First Barons' War
The company that constructed the Japanese submarine Yu 12 was Hitachi Kasado Works.
Its land area is 9,300 km2 (3,600 sq mi).
Christoph Karl von Piacsek served as a Hungarian officer in Habsburg military service during the French Revolutionary Wars.
In graph theory, a graph is a structure amounting to a set of objects in which some pairs of the objects are in some sense "related".
Which is not based on mainstream factual science.
The first provably-secure protocols for Password-authenticated key exchanges(PAKE) were presented in 2000 at "Eurocrypt 2000" by two groups Mihir Bellare, David Pointcheval and Phillip Rogaway, and Victor Boyko, Philip MacKenzie and Sarvar Patel.
Moore's law is the observation that the number of transistors in a circuit doubles about every two years. Through advancements in technology, Moore's law is still viable since 1975 with some experts believing the observation still holds and some seeing a slowing of Moore's observation.
José Francisco Miguel António de Mendonça was appointed Patriarch of Lisbon in 1786 and died in 1808.
San Jose, California
The earliest known dairying occurred between 9000-7000 BC in Mesopotamia.
The Ottomans belonged to the Ottoman empire which was founded in Anatolia, a region in Turkey and over the centuries spread more vastly to become a transcontinental empire.
The Beatles were integral to the development of 1960s counterculture
Listeriosis is most often associated with animals but can also infect people and is primarily transferred by ingestion.
Leptodactylus tapiti is a species of frog that are native to Brazil. Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and rivers.
The Montessori Method for Education in pre-school and kindergarten is a unique approach to teaching children to build self-confidence and independence. Learning takes place in Children's Houses and are fully staffed with a mixture of qualified teachers and teaching assistants who guide and consult the individual child by letting each child create their own learning pathway. Activities are introduced by the teacher, but there is no requirement for a child to complete the activity until they are ready, as what the child learns is fully guided by an individual child's interest. Classrooms are equipped with child-sized tables and chairs with learning materials on child height shelves. 
Education covers a variety of areas, for example completing practical tasks including pouring water, washing up, cleaning tables and sweeping floors. They will have access to materials relating to mathematics, languages, music, art and culture. They are taught to learn basic concepts of mathematics and writing through a hands-on approach using tactile materials.
The Transformer architecture.
Tamazulapam del Espíritu Santo was placed under quarantine due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
There is not enough information in the passage to determine exactly when this would have happened, but because bread requires grain, it could not have been made prior to 105,000 years ago when humans first started gathering grain.
Yes animals like humans can get Kidney Stones. Bladder stones or uroliths are a common occurrence in animals, especially in domestic animals such as dogs and cats. Types of stones include struvite,  cystine, calcium oxalate, urate, calcium phosphate, and silicate. Struvite and calcium oxalate stones are by far the most common.
Mikel Artetxe Guezuraga turned professional in 1999 and had the biggest wins of his career in 2006 with a stage win in the Vuelta a Asturias and the sprints classification in the Troféu Joaquim Agostinho.
Matt Eskandari filmed "The Taking" before his feature debut with the film Victim.
The 2009 L'Aquila earthquake occurred in the region of Abruzzo, in central Italy.
The series began on Discover Health Channel on November 10, 2009.
The first marathon that a woman officially finished was the Pikes Peak Marathon, completed by Arlene Pieper in 1959.
Ibrahima Tamba is an olympic sprinter from Senegal who participated in the 88 and 92 summer olympics
The United States has five major territories. Guam, American Samoa, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Virgin Islands. Of those, the two oldest are Guam, and Puerto Rico; both being acquired in 1899 at the end of the Spanish - American War. The Northern Mariana Islands is the newest of the five major territories, joining the United States in 1986.
George Koukou was arrested on July 17, 2007 for allegedly participating in a coup against President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.
Barthelemy Hus, called Hus-Desforges (18 July 1699 in Bordeaux – 1 September 1786 in Lyon, aged 63) was an 18th-century French comedian and troupe leader.

The son of maitre a danser  Jerome Hus and Marguerite Pageot, called Desforges, he was the youngest member of the Hus family and with his brother Francois, directed a touring company known as the "Hus brothers troupe."

Around 1722, he married Marie Anne Daguerre Ascorette, actress born in Namur (1709-1736). The couple had at least seven children who would be part of the troupe.

On 27 January 1750, he married in Brussels his second wife, Louise Vivier de Courtenay, descendant of the famous Courtenay family.

Barthelemy Hus-Desforges was the grandfather of musician Pierre-Louis Hus-Desforges (1773-1838).
CEO
According to this text, Hawaii is the third wealthiest state in the United States of America.
We do not know why the temple was called the Pantheon. Even Cassius Dio, a Roman senator who would have had more context by nature of living and ruling in Roman society, was only able to speculate where the name came from.
Venture capital firms invest in early-stage companies in exchange for equity.
The Northern Colorado Bears teams compete mostly in the Big Sky Conference. However, some teams compete in the Summit League, Western Athletic Conference, and the Big 12 Conference.
The male population in Madaria is 728.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born in 1769, the same year that France annexed Corsica. He was born in Ajaccio, Corsica.
They had to work in secret because they were on the Hollywood Blacklist for presumed involvement in the communist movement.
Lake Baikal, located in Russia in the southern region of Sibera is the largest and deepest fresh water lake, containing 20% of Earth's fresh surface water.
The Stargate Command facility is located on planet Earth, in Colorado, United States, in the Cheyenne Mountain complex
Beavers are herbivorous and are known to consume tree bark as part of their diet. However, beavers often build dams and lodges using fallen tree branches and other vegetation that they chew with their teeth in order to make materials for restricting water flow and shelter.
Eberhard, Tarpenning and Wright
Afrobeats (not to be confused with Afrobeat or Afroswing), or Afro-pop or Afro-fusion (or Afropop or Afrofusion), is an umbrella term to describe popular music from West Africa and the diaspora that initially developed in Nigeria, Ghana, and the UK in the 2000s and 2010s. Afrobeats is less of a style per se, and more of a descriptor for the fusion of sounds flowing out of Ghana and Nigeria. Genres such as hiplife, jùjú music, highlife and naija beats, among others, were amalgamated under the 'Afrobeats' umbrella.
China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) is believed to be behind this operation.
Desaraja Adiguru Singhari Shyamasundar Kar (4 March 1908 – 16 March 1975) was a renowned Odissi musician, Guru, singer, scholar and composer. Born to a sebayata (servitor) family of the Jagannatha Temple, he was groomed under veteran masters of the temple tradition and soon rose to be one of the towering Gurus of Odissi classical music in the 20th century. 

He was most known for his powerful voice and intricate style, his command over the Mardala as well as his contribution towards the academic institutionalization of Odissi music education. Most of the performers of Odissi music, Mardala and Odissi dance of his period admit to having come under the commanding influence and knowledge of Singhari. He died on 16 March 1975.
Asia, Australasia and Africa
27
The different types of cattle that are known as Wagyu are:
- The Japanese Black
- The Japanese Brown
- The Japanese Polled
- The Japanese Shorthorn
The Hurricanes won 9 games and lost 3 games in 1980
At the Cali Cartel's peak from 1993 to 1995, they controlled over 80% of the world's cocaine market.
1946
Pain helps us withdraw from further severe damage to body
The function of the incudomalleolar joint is to transfer vibrations between the ossicles in the middle ear.
The Three Represents
Elder or senior
Isthmohyla debilis is a rare species of Frog that is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
January 1918
Age of Empires is a classic PC game originally developed by Microsoft, released in 1997. It has 4 versions now and is still being played online by many players.
In the 2020 census, the state of North Carolina had a population of 10,439,388. The state is the 28th largest and 9th-most populous of the United States.
Although, the passage about the wildlife in the city of Cologne does not mention cats, it is possible to encounter cats in Cologne since it is very common for people in western cultures to own cats and let them outside on their own. The reason cats are not mentioned in the passage is that cats are not considered wildlife but pets. This, of course, excludes species of "large cats" such as lions or tigers which you would typically not encounter in a city, unless you go to the zoo.
Sony α7 in 2013
The Obilić Medal was established in 1847, and is the highest military decoration granted to soldiers in Montenegro for acts of great personal courage, or for personal courage demonstrated on the battlefield.
The champion of the Masters Tournament receives a green jacket. However, it must be returned to the clubhouse the following year to be stored in a designated cloakroom.
The amount of resources (data, parameter-size, computing power) devoted to them, in a way that is not dependent on additional breakthroughs in design.
In a record-setting year, Jaromír Jágr scored 149 points in the 1995-96 season.
They used lettering guide templates made of cardboard with characters of their last name
Castor genus
The highest population ever recorded in Osaka was 3,252,340 in 1940.
Dr Seuss is known for his work writing and illustrating more than 60 books under the pen name Dr. Seuss
Given this paragraph about Sinusitis, it takes 5-7 days to feel much better.
Popular parks in London includes Hyde Park, Regent's Park and Kensington Gardens.
The modern Chinese cuisine were broken down into 8 different styles of local cuisine, which are Anhui, Guangdong, Fujian, Hunan , Jiangsu , Shandong, Sichuan, and Zhejiang cuisines. They are different because of many reasons, such as geographic features and climate which shaped the locals to specialize in certain ingredients or flavors, as well as religion and ethnic groups.
Temple Emanuel in Ridgefield Park, NJ
St. John the Baptist and the Archbishop Daniel Murray
Sean Patrick Conley
The Hill School, University of Chicago, Yale University
Lavender is a light shade of purple or violet.
Certain vaccines must be only stored at cryogenic temperature (ultra low temperatures of order -90 to -60 degree celcius / -130 F to -76 F)
Wilson first appeared on TV on Kakabakaba Adventure in 2003.
The GB Class 2 was a series of two trams and two trailers built by Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk for Graakalbanen of Trondheim, Norway.

Each of the four Siemens motors had an effect of 60 kW (80 hp). There were two compartments, both with four-abreast seating, with reversible seats. Despite running in part in city streets, the trams were 2.6 m (8 ft 6 in) wide. They had seating for 40 passengers.
Waldo E. Koop was an engineer for Boeing before becoming one of the nation's finest researchers.
Making big news
Wolffe was principally interested in chromatin and its role in gene expression
Gregorio committed suicide, this caused Manuel to go down a path of discoveries uncovering what led him to suicide.
Joanne Rowling a.k.a J.K.Rowling is the famous author of Harry Potter books.
Based on this paragraph, it appears that the Macquarie University Real Tennis Club had only one tennis court.
On December 15, 1981, a car filled with approximately 100 kilograms of explosives was driven into Iraq's embassy building in Beirut by a suicide bomber. The ensuing explosion devastated the embassy, killed 61 people, including the Iraq ambassador, Abdul Razzak Lafta, and injured more than 100 others.
Elon Musk
a 60-foot eagle putt on the final hole
Li Xueju born April 1945 is a politician of the People's Republic of China, and the former Minister of Civil Affairs of PRC.

Born in Gongzhuling, Jilin Province, Li joined the Chinese Communist Party in January 1966, and started working in May 1966. In early years, he served in various posts in local commune. In 1975, he was promoted to Secretary of Communist Youth League committee in Siping region of Jilin. 

From 1978, he served as vice section chief, vice director and later, director of organization department of CYL central committee. From 1984 to 1986, he studied at CCP Central Party School. In 1986, he was appointed as the director of general office of CYL central committee. He was a member of 10th CYL central committee, and a standing member of 11th and 12th CYL central committee.
Shivaji was born on 19th February 1630 and died on 3rd April 1680. Shivaji accomplished to  out his own independent kingdom from the declining Adilshahi sultanate of Bijapur which formed the genesis of the Maratha Empire. He is called as proto-nationalist and hero of the Hindus.
Robert Kiyosaki is an American entrepreneur and author who became famous primarily due to his book Rich Dad Poor Dad which has sold over 41 million copies. He is also the founder of Rich Global LLC and the Rich Dad Company, which provide financial education through books and videos. He is undergoing lawsuits related to these companies which in turn are gaining him more press due to documentaries produced on the subject of these lawsuits.
The Central Otago wine region is broken into multiple sub-regions: Bannockburn, Bendigo, Bendigo and Wānaka
The shape of spaghetti is long, thin, and cylindrical. It traditionally comes from Italy and has a two variations - those being Spaghettoni, which is thicker, and capellini, which is thiner and sometime called 'angel hair pasta'.
No, Fyre Festival was a fraudulent luxury music festival founded by con artist Billy McFarland and rapper Ja Rule
Mount Vesuvius had a reduced summit by 450 meters.
Tesla uses e coarse-grained two-dimensional maps and cameras (no lidar) as well as radar and ultrasonic sensors whereas its competitors rely on highly detailed  (centimeter-scale) three-dimensional maps, lidar, and cameras
Britney Spears was born December 2, 1981 she is famous for being the "princess of pop" and being the best selling teenage artist of all time.
James Henry Richards played cricket. He was born in Brixton, Surrey and died in Tulse Hill, London.
In the House was aired on NBC on April 10, 1995
Arkansas
30%
The daily recommended value for magnesium is 270 mg for women in the UK.
The Dallas Mavericks won the 2011 NBA championship and the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player award was given to Dirk Nowitzki.
Tom Brady was born on August 3rd, 1977. He is famous for being the greatest quarterback of all time.
David Gilhooly went to the University of California, Davis (UC Davis).
Pampaneira is located in the province of Granada, Spain and is 1060 metres above sea level. 355 people live in Pampaneira according to the 2005 census.
Jens Stub died in October.
Cricket is highly popular game that's originated in south-eastern counties of England and now prominent sport in a number of countries in particular south asian countries like India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.
It is in essence a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a field. The batting side scores runs by striking the ball with the bat and then running between the wickets, while the bowling and fielding side tries to prevent this and dismiss each batter.
Forms of cricket range from Twenty20, one day to Test match lasting up to 5 days. The game originated as children's game is now a highly competitive professional sport followed by billions of people and in last decade commercialised at club level with the introduction of Indian Premier League (IPL).
It is believed that Doleshwor Mahadeva is the head part of Kedarnath temple located in Uttarakhand, India, and Kedarnath is one of the most famous Shiva temple.
Mount St. Helens, located in the sate of Washington is considered an active volcano.
Based on this paragraph, Joe Biden's mother's maiden name was Finnegan, he was born in the city of Stranton, he had three siblings (a younger sister and two younger brothers), and he was raised as a member of the Catholic church.
It is best to go from May to October in the dry season. The temperature are lower but at least it is not raining so often.
Common names for Phrynobatrachus tokba are Tokba river frog, Tokba puddle frog, and forest river frog.
According to this passage, Gorbachev's round trip walking commute to school was 24 miles per week. He walked 12 miles each way and travelled to and from school only once per week.
The building used steel framing and was 16 floors.
No. Jimmy Chamberlin recorded all of the drum parts. However, Billy Corgan often overdubbed the guitar and bass parts with his own playing.
Kantar group, Interbrand, Brand Finance and Forbes every year release most valuable corporate brands in the world. 
Top 10 valuable companies according Kantar 2022 list are Apple Inc (US) , Google Inc (US), Amazon.com Inc (US), Microsoft corp (US), Tencent (China), McDonald (US), Visa Inc(US), Facebook (US), Alibaba group (China) and Louis Vuitton (France) 

Factors that influence brand value are sales, market share, market capitalization, awareness of a brand, products, popularity, image, etc. Readers should note that lists like this, while informative, are somewhat subjective, as no single metric exists for determining valuation for brands.
The returning of Hong Kong and Macau, and joining WTO
A perfectly preserved viking ship, with pre-columbian artifacts from Mexico.
Fortress.
beets, celery, carrots, lettuce, parsley, watercress, spinach, and tomato
Atomic bomb by J. Robert Oppenheimer, carbon 14 and its photosynthesis, covalent bond, cyclotron, and etc.
5
Arvo Pärt studied composition at the Tallinn Conservatory during the 1950s. His composition teacher was Heino Eller.
Rihanna (Robyn Rihanna Fenty) is a singer, actress, and businesswoman from Barbados. After auditioning with American record producer Evan Rogers, she signed to Def Jam in 2005 and gained worldwide recognition with her first two studio albums, "Music of the Sun" and "A Girl Like Me".
Yes, although she was stripped of the medal she refused to return it.
Elon Musk
The earliest reference to peanut butter can be traced to Aztec and Inca civilizations.
Mg is the element symbol of magnesium.
In information technology, log rotation is an automated process used in system administration in which log files are compressed, moved (archived), renamed or deleted once they are too old or too big (there can be other metrics that can apply here). New incoming log data is directed into a new fresh file (at the same location).
Merlot (/ˈmɜːrloʊ/ MUR-loh) is a dark blue–colored wine grape variety, that is used as both a blending grape and for varietal wines.
Arsenal reached the first division in 1904. Between 1989 and 2005, Arsenal won 5 league titles and 5 FA cups. That’s a total of 10 trophies.
Essex
Glaucus
R. R. Cuyler
Gravel bikes are a do-it-all kind of bike. They are effective on a wide array of terrain, ranging from smooth roads to singletrack trails, but thrive on harsher off-road terrain.
The purpose of the Our Common Future report was to focus on environmental issues on the political agenda and to discuss sustainable development.
A380 is the largest passenger airliner. It has a typical seating for 525 passengers, with a maximum certified capacity for 853 passengers and has a range of 14,800km.
Michel Warschawski, an anti-Zionist activist, led the Marxist Revolutionary Communist League and later the Alternative Information Center.
Jiu-jitsu and Judo
A typical guitar have 6 strings but there are other guitars (bass guitar) which have 4-6 strings.
The sound of the guitar is projected either acoustically, by means of a resonant chamber on the instrument, or amplified by an electronic pickup and an amplifier.
There are three main types of modern guitar, the classical guitar, the steel string acoustic guitar or electric guitar, and the Hawaiian guitar which is played across player's lap.
Harry Piel
ChoingQing, China is the largest city proper in the world by population. It has a huge administrative area of 82403 km2. While, it governs territories that covers both suburban and rural areas, which extend well beyond the traditional city proper.
Air Jordan is a line of basketball shoes produced by Nike and Michael Jordan, first released in public on 1st April 1985.
This Mortal Coil known for its gothic, dream pop sound.
Yusof bin Ishak
Mother Teresa was fluent in five languages, namely Bengali, Albanian, Serbian, English and Hindi.
The Tampa Bay Rowdies wear green and yellow and play in Al Lang Stadium in downtown St. Petersburg.
They are the same. Santiago.
Elk Grove is a city in California and has a population of about 180,000.
Liverpool has won 19 League titles, 8 FA cups, 9 League cups, 16 FA community shields and 6 European cups.
The answer is uncertain because this man was presumed to be living in Japan but he or she could be from Europe or American or anywhere in the world.
Archangel
Here are a list of names for COVID-19 that were mentioned: coronavirus, Wuhan coronavirus, Wuhan pneumonia, 2019-nCoV, 2019-nCoV acute respiratory disease, COVID‑19, SARS-CoV-2, the COVID‑19 virus, the virus responsible for COVID‑19.

The official names COVID‑19 and SARS-CoV-2 were issued by the WHO on 11 February 2020, but they also use "the COVID‑19 virus" and "the virus responsible for COVID‑19" in public communications.

Based on this information, the most recommended name is COVID-19.
The Mennomite church was built in 1772 and is still in use as a church.
The Black Sea is lying between Europe and Asia, east of the Balkans, south of the East European Plain, west of the Caucasus, and north of Anatolia. It is bounded by Bulgaria, Georgia, Romania, Russia, Turkey, and Ukraine.
Yes, malayalam is the language spoken in Kerala and it is a palindrome
The two longest rivers in Europe are the Volga and the Danube.
You likely have a Grade 3 strain, often considered amongst the most severe types
The answer might differ depending on who is answering your question. Hainanese chicken rice is considered one of the national dishes of Singapore being widely available in most food courts and hawker centres around the country. Variants of the dish can also be seen throughout Southeast Asia, particularly in Malaysia where it remains a culinary staple.
Minnesota
Jeremiah Mutwalante Twa-Twa was born in the Budaka District of Uganda on January 29, 1951.
Fleabag is a British comedy-drama television series created and written by Phoebe Waller-Bridge.
The 2018 model of the 1250 GS produced 134 peak HP.
TSA stands for Transportation Security Administration in the United States. It is the agency that is responsible for the security of transportation systems within United States. They are mainly responsible for airport security.
Hummingbird is the smallest bird.
Since WWII, many people have migrated from the US Midwest or Northeast to the Sun Belt. One significant factor is the milder climate and the recreational possibilities it makes possible. Economic opportunity is another factor, as many automobile and other manufacturers have left the Midwest and Northeast and built factories in the Sun Belt. The housing stock is newer and affordable, which attracts people of all ages.
Hedgehog spines do not easily detach rom their bodies like porcupines.
The American League consists of 15 teams (including one Canadian team) aligned in three divisions: the AL East, comprising the Baltimore Orioles, Boston Red Sox, New York Yankees, Tampa Bay Rays, and Toronto Blue Jays; the AL Central, comprising the Chicago White Sox, Cleveland Indians, Detroit Tigers, Kansas City Royals, and Minnesota Twins; and the AL West, comprising the Houston Astros, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, Oakland Athletics, Seattle Mariners, and Texas Rangers.
Nicaraguan nationals can obtain dual citizenship through joint-treaty with Argentina, Central American nations, Italy, and Spain. Children with parents who are Nicaraguan citizens that are born abroad will receive dual citizenship.
Common toppings or garnishes include sauerkraut, diced onions, jalapeños, chili, grated cheese, coleslaw, bacon, and olives
The Amazon jungle is located in South America. It is spanned across Brazil, Peru, Colombia, Bolivia and Ecuador
West Side Story was inspired by William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet.
A Guided Advanced Tactical Rocket (GATR) is a low-cost guided missile equipped with a steel-cased M282 warhead and a programmable fuze.
Reasons for this include Bangladesh high population density, poor construction quality, and lack of tornado safety knowledge.
Dublin
January of 1977 was the coldest month in the history of Fairmont, West Virginia with an average of 16.0 degrees Farenheit.
Ramona Singer is best known as a Real Housewife of New York City. She was the founder of RMS Fashion and helped her husband Mario Singer start True Faith Jewelry, the couple has since divorced.
Meteor Crater a tourist destination is one of the places where astronauts are trained.
We can't know for sure but a popular theory called the Big Bang suggests that the universe was created from an infinitesimally small point of infinite energy some four and a half billion years ago.
Martin Luther King Jr. (MLK) was born January 15, 1929.  He was an American Baptist Minister and activist who won the Nobel Peace Prize for combating racial inequality through nonviolent resistance in October 14, 1964.
Solveig Margrete Fiske (born 26 October 1952) is a theologian and bishop emerita in the Church of Norway, serving as the bishop of Hamar between 2006 and 2022, when she retired.
Vedimuthu character was potrayed by Vadivelu and become famous for his comic potrayal of act of love with mistress Aishwarya (potrayed by mumtaz) and getting caught in the act to his wife Baby(potrayed by Nalini).
Humans process information from the various sensory systems via the central nervous system. The nerves in your hand are integral to your sense of touch. When your fingers touch something hot, the nerves in your hand quickly transmit that information through the nervous system to the central nervous system. After processing an electrochemical signal up through the spine, the sensory signal is eventually received in the human brain. The brain takes action and, in this case, initiates an instinctual retraction of the hand.
Halt and Catch Fire is an American period drama spanning four seasons and 40 episodes. It depicts a fictionalized insider's view of the personal computer revolution of the 1980s and the early days of the World Wide Web in the early 1990s.
The islands are located in the eastern Pacific Ocean, 973 km off the west coast of South America. The islands are found at the coordinates 1°40'N–1°36'S, 89°16'–92°01'W

7,880 km2 of land is the total area of Galapogos Island.

The group consists of 18 main islands, 3 smaller islands.

The first islands formed here at least 8 million and possibly up to 90 million years ago

Sierra Negra is one of the five volcanoes.
The 2019 men's final was the longest final in Wimbledon's history, lasting 4 hours and 57 minutes. Roger Federer faced Novak Djokovic in this match and lost to him in five sets.
Thonburi Kingdom and Rattanakosin Kingdom are the two Kingdoms that used Bangkok as their capital city. Thonburi Kingdom used the western bank of Bangkok as its capital city. While Rattanakosin Kingdom used Bangkok's eastern bank as its capital city,.
The term "blood-hammer" was introduced by analogy with the hydraulic expression "water hammer" that was already used in vascular physiology.
The last album of Pink Floyd was called "The Endless River" and was released in 2014.
No, it is a surname.
The Victoria Inn was built by Joseph Levy and was sold in early 1863.
Customer lifetime value is commonly referred to as customer lifetime value (CLV or often CLTV), lifetime customer value (LCV), or life-time value (LTV).
The 3 public high schools in Arlington, Va are Wakefield High School, Washington-Liberty High School, and Yorktown High School.
23 per cent of the world population
In 2011.
Under a second
The emperors of Japan ruled from Kyoto from 794 as the new seat of Japan's imperial court for eleven centuries until 1869.
Charles Wing Krafft was born in Seattle and was a painter and ceramicist.
Nikola Poplašen was a Bosnian Serb politician, president of the Republika Srpska from late 1998 to 1999.
The L-21 had more torpedo tubes.
The first-stage bootloader (FSBL) is the first boot stage for the HPS. In FPGA Configuration First mode, the SDM extracts and loads the FSBL into the on-chip RAM of the HPS. The SDM releases the HPS from reset after the FPGA has entered user mode. After the HPS exits reset, it uses the FSBL hardware handoff file to setup the clocks, HPS dedicated I/Os, and peripherals. Typically, the FSBL then loads the SSBL into HPS SDRAM and passes the control to the SSBL.
Jeanne Calment is the longest living person to be verified. She was born in 1875 and lived to be 122 years old.
Richard Nixon was born in Yorba Linda, CA which is located in Orange County.
Karl Marx studied law and philosophy at the universities of Bonn and Berlin. He died on March 14 1883.
Minerals that peanut butter is rich in include manganese, magnesium, phosphorus, zinc, copper, and sodium.
Given this text, the dorsal segment is the strongest part of the scapholunate ligament.
A important function of the London Assembly is to scrutinise the mayor's decisions and accept or reject the mayor's budget proposals each year.
2014
Long-short term memory is an artificial neural network used in deep learning that can process not only single data points (such as images), but also entire sequences of data (such as speech or video).
ECharts Java is a lightweight, comprehensive library for Java developers to easily integrate JavaScript visualization library Apache ECharts into their web frameworks. The simple and clean APIs facilitate users to develop visualization components fast and easily. For complex and advanced usage, it allows developers to create an Option object and its Json representation. It is compatible with Apache ECharts version 5.x and provides almost full coverage of Apache ECharts functionalities. 

Here are some highlights of ECharts Java:

- Simple, clean, organized APIs with method chaining
- Full coverage of Apache ECharts functionalities
- Easily integrate with Web Frameworks
- Flexible export format, including HTML and images
- Complete and detailed documentation and examples
General Data Protection Regulation provides guidelines on storing and processing personal data. Personal data is any information about an identified or identifiable person, also known as the data subject. Personal data includes information such as their:

name
address
ID card/passport number
income
cultural profile
Internet Protocol (IP) address
data held by a hospital or doctor (which uniquely identifies a person for health purposes).

Special categories of data
You may not process personal data about someone's:

racial or ethnic origin
sexual orientation
political opinions
religious or philosophical beliefs
trade-union membership
genetic, biometric or health data except in specific cases (e.g. when you've been given explicit consent or when processing is needed for reasons of substantial public interest, on the basis of EU or national law)
personal data related to criminal convictions and offences unless this is authorised by EU or national law.

Who processes the personal data?
During processing, personal data can pass through various different companies or organisations. Within this cycle there are two main profiles that deal with processing personal data:

The data controller - decides the purpose and way in which personal data is processed.
The data processor - holds and processes data on behalf of a data controller.
Who monitors how personal data is processed within a company?
The Data Protection Officer (DPO), who may have been designated by the company, is responsible for monitoring how personal data is processed and to inform and advise employees who process personal data about their obligations. The DPO also cooperates with the Data Protection Authority (DPA), serving as a contact point towards the DPA and individuals.

Processing data for another company
A data controller can only use a data processor who offers sufficient guarantees, these should be included in a written contract between the parties involved. The contract must also contain a number of mandatory clauses, e.g. that the data processor will only process personal data when instructed to do so by the data controller.

Data transfer outside the EU
When personal data is transferred outside the EU, the protection offered by the GDPR should travel with the data. This means that if you export data abroad, your company must ensure one of the following measures are adhered to:

The non-EU country's protections are deemed adequate by the EU.
Your company takes the necessary measures to provide appropriate safeguards, such as including specific clauses in the agreed contract with the non-European importer of the personal data.
Your company relies on specific grounds for the transfer (derogations) such as the consent of the individual.
When is data processing allowed?
EU data protection rules mean you should process data in a fair and lawful manner, for a specified and legitimate purpose and only process the data necessary to fulfil this purpose. You must ensure that you fulfil one of the following conditions to process the personal data; you:

have been given the consent of the individual concerned
need the personal data to fulfil a contractual obligation with the individual
need the personal data to satisfy a legal obligation
need the personal data to protect the vital interests of the individual
process personal data to carry out the task in the interest of the public
are acting in your company's legitimate interests, as long as the fundamental rights and freedoms of the individual whose data are processed are not seriously impacted. If the person's rights override your company's interests, then you cannot process the personal data.


Agreeing to data processing - consent
Right to access and right to data portability
Right to correct and right to object
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
Automated decision-making and profiling
Data breaches – providing proper notification
Responding to requests
Impact assessments
Keeping a record
It is dangerous because it creates an area of loose snow below the branches and around the trunk, and when someone will fall into this area it can be too deep for this person to climb up before they are buried. Another dangerous aspect is the fact that they could fall head-first which could leave them injured or unconscious.
Confinity was acquired by X.com in 1999 which was later renamed to PayPal. PayPal was acquired by eBay in 2002.
Google Sheets is a spreadsheet program included as part of the free, web-based Google Docs Editors suite offered by Google and is compatible with Microsoft Excel file formats (e.g., .XLS, .XLSX, .CSV, etc., . . .).
Potatoes, tomatoes, corn, beans, squash, chili, cacao, and vanilla were not available in the Old World prior to the European discovery of the Americas
The daily recommended value of magnesium for men in the U.S. is 400 mg.
Cabernet Sauvignon (French: [kabɛʁnɛ soviɲɔ̃]) is one of the world's most widely recognized red wine grape varieties.
32
Yes
The Seattle Seahawks won their first NFL championship in the 2013 NFL season. They played against the Denver Broncos winning with a score of 43-8.
Russia and China
"- Medical physicist at the University of Western Ontario Robarts Research Institute.
- Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).
- Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Health Sciences. 
- Co-program director of the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research Imaging Program. 
- Completed a Ph.D. from the University of Toronto."
Charles Stuart (22 October 1660 – 5 May 1661) was the first of four sons and eight children born from the marriage between the Duke of York (later King James II of England & VII of Scotland) and his first wife, Anne Hyde. He was styled Duke of Cambridge, but never formally created so, because he died so young.

Charles was conceived seven months before his parents' official marriage and if royal advisors and Queen Henrietta Maria, the mother of James, had their way, he could have been declared illegitimate. King Charles II, James's older brother, approved of the marriage and the wedding between James and Anne was held on 3 September 1660 in London. Charles was born on 22 October and was baptised on 1 January 1661 at Worcester House. However, he died before reaching the age of one, after becoming ill with smallpox. He was buried in Westminster Abbey on 6 May 1661. Three of his younger brothers, likewise short-lived, were also called Duke of Cambridge: James, Edgar, and Charles.

During his short life, Charles bore a coat of arms, as a grandson of a British sovereign, consisting those of the kingdom, differenced by a label argent of five points ermine.
10,355
The University of Oxford
The oil from Eucalyptus trees provides several benefits with the most prevalent being the pleasant aroma.  As a tree that grows fast and has been used strategically to reduce the risk of malaria by draining swamps a little Eucalyptus goes a long way.  The oil produced by these trees are also useful in an antimicrobial activity and in some cases has been known to make the trees more flammable.  Outside of their native Australia they have been viewed as an invasive species.
Reginaldo de França Lopes was a footballer who played defensive midfielder. He retired from playing football in 2006 and became a manager.
The first RISC system was the IBM 801, started in 1975 and completed in 1980.
BJJ focuses on the concept that smaller and weaker practitioners can defend against larger and bigger opponents by taking the fight to the ground. Once on the ground, a BJJ practitioner can use leverage and weight distribution to defeat their opponent.
The Maghreb Cup Winners Cup
December
The reduction in wild grain populations lead to the rapid adoption of rice cultivation around the Niger River.
Game theory is a scientific study of mathematical models and strategies. It has wide applications in all aspects of social science, system, and computer science that include zero-sum games and behavioral relations. Currently Game Theory is an umbrella term for decision making in humans, animals, and computers.
23 million
The creation of a five-day workweek in the United States came about as a result of organizing by and pressure from workers and labor groups in the first half of the 20th century, as they demanded dignified working conditions from their employers and the ruling class.
From lowest to highest, the layers are:
- link layer, containing communication methods for data that remains within a single network segment (link)
- the internet layer, providing internetworking between independent networks; 
- the transport layer, handling host-to-host communication;
- the application layer, providing process-to-process data exchange for applications.
Sabapathy is a comedy film about the antics of a wealthy man and his servant.
PFD is an abbreviation for process flow diagram.

Process flow diagrams specify material flow paths, storage equipment (such as tanks and silos), transformations (such as distillation columns, receiver/head tanks, mixing, separations, pumping, etc.), and flowrates. They also list all pipes and conveyors and their contents, material properties such as density, viscosity, particle-size distribution, flowrates, pressures, temperatures, and materials of construction for the piping and unit operations.
Tigers symbolize power, fearlessness and wrath in modern China.  Bengal tigers were common in the northeast.
Onigiri is a Japanese food made from white rice formed into triangular or cylindrical shapes and often wrapped in nori (seaweed). Traditionally, an onigiri is filled with pickled ume (umeboshi), salted salmon, katsuobushi, kombu, tarako, mentaiko, takanazuke (pickled takana, Japanese giant red mustard greens) or any other salty or sour ingredient as a natural preservative.
1729, known as the Hardy–Ramanujan number, is the smallest integer that can be expressed as the sum of the cubes of two unique pairs of integers.
Ons's mother used to drive Ons all around Tunisia to play tennis tournaments and encouraged Ons to go to a special school to study.
The M&NA was a railroad in Missouri and Arkansas, which made it part of the United States.
Reef manta rays are typically 3 to 3.5 m (9.8 to 11.5 ft) in disc width, with a maximum size of about 5.5 m (18 ft).
The Masters is played at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia.
The Luftwaffe was officially active for about 11 years - 1935 to 1946.
Jesse LaFollette's mother was Phoebe Gobel, who was married to his father Joseph.
Southwestern and Northwestern Iranian language
Instruction tuning is a form of fine-tuning designed to facilitate more natural and accurate zero-shot prompting interactions.
0.208 feet
A love hotel is a type of short-stay hotel found around the world operated primarily for the purpose of allowing guests privacy for sexual activities.
The University of Virginia was founded in 1819.
Konstantin Konstantinovich Sluchevsky was born in St. Petersburg, Russia and studied in Paris, Berlin, and Heidelberg.
The church used both a bell and a steam whistle to announce the start of services.
Traditional military camouflage only protects against tools which use the visual spectrum to detect objects, and so if a tool is based on infrared or radar the traditional camouflage doesn't offer any protection.
The term "tulip mania" is now often used metaphorically to refer to any large economic bubble when asset prices deviate from intrinsic values.
A skipping rope is a fun form of exercise that is enjoyed by children and adults. 
While holding on to both ends of the rope, allow the middle of rope to rest on the ground in front of your feet, step over the rope so the rope is now behind your feet. 
Simultaneously, swing both arms over your head in a full swing so the rope is follows the motion of your arms and just before the rope reached the front of your feet, hop with both feet, avoiding the rope and continue the rhythm repeatedly.
Omar ibn Said was born and raised in Futa Toro, an Islamic state located in the part of West Africa that is now Senegal.
Based on this paragraph, Jerry Garcia was born in San Francisco, had nine fingers and he quit school at age 17 before attending college.
Gardiner Hall was in the textile business and ran the Hall Thread Company. His business was impacted by the Civil War due to a cotton shortage, but he restarted the business following the Civil War.
Nicholas Theodore went to medical school at Georgetown University and is known for his work in spinal trauma, robotics, minimally invasive surgery, and personalized medicine.
London is the largest and capital city of the United Kingdom.
David Oliver Siegmund (born November 15, 1941) is an American statistician who has worked extensively on sequential analysis.

Siegmund grew up in Webster Groves, Missouri. He received his baccalaureate degree, in mathematics, from Southern Methodist University in 1963, and a doctorate in statistics from Columbia University in 1966. His Ph.D. advisor was Herbert Robbins. After being an assistant and then a full professor at Columbia, he went to Stanford University in 1976, where he is currently a professor of statistics. 

He has served twice as the chair of Stanford's statistics department. He has also held visiting positions at Hebrew University of Jerusalem, the University of Zurich, the University of Oxford, and the University of Cambridge.
The roadtrip was to play the WKU Hilltoppers in Bowling Green, Kentucky
IMDB allows users to submit their reviews and ratings.  As the most extensive internet movie database and the 54th most visited website across the planet, the scale of reviews and ratings collected for movies is massive.  IMDB uses various mathematical calculations to determine the rating of movies.  Many users decide whether to spend time and money on a film solely on ratings from IMDB.  Because of IMDB's scale and impact, it is now a subsidiary of Amazon.
Chitaratara is what they call scandals in Tabaka, Kenya, where the Maate dialect is spoken.
True Corporation Public Company Limited is located in Thailand and was formed by the original True Corporation merging with DTAC.
Free climbing refers to a form of rock climbing in which the climber ascends without the use of gear to aid progression. It is a common misunderstanding that free climbing means climbing with no protective gear. Both sport and traditional climbing make use of protective gear to prevent injury and death, and are both considered free climbing. This is in contrast to free solo climbing, another form of free climbing in which the climber uses no protective gear.
Island Pond, Vermont
F.H. Kirchman and his passenger Agnes Louise Brady was also killed. William Gleason Sauerwein had a broken leg and head injuries. Margaret Vaughn had severe head and leg injuries.
Yes, since exercise induced stress can reduce the volume of water that the kidneys can excrete, drinking too much water during exercise can result in water intoxication which can be fatal.
Typically skydives are carried out from around 4,000m (or 12,500ft) offering 40 to 50 seconds of freefall time.
The daily recommended amount of magnesium for women in the U.S. is 310 mg for ages 19-30 and 320 mg for older.
In 2001, 92.53% of its population were Hungarians.
SRV is known to have used Fender's medium gauge picks, but with an interesting quirk - he preferred the rounder edge over the pointy tip, which most players use.
Southeast Asia
Mariano Sánchez Martínez, also known as Mariano Sánchez is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
De dag dat Jezus gekruisigd werd
Kilwa is an administrative ward in Kilindi District of Tanga Region in Tanzania. The ward covers an area of 153 km2 (59 sq mi), and has an average elevation of 858 m (2,815 ft).

According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 6,835.
Lee Kuan Yew was born on 16 September 1923. 
He served as the inaugural Prime Minister of Singapore from 1959 to 1990.
His most famous accomplishment in office was overseeing Singapore's transformation from an island nation with a high illiteracy rate and no natural resources into a developed country with a high-income economy within a single generation, commonly termed (from his autobiography) as 'From the third world to the first world.
Chardonnay (UK: /ˈʃɑːrdəneɪ/, US: /ˌʃɑːrdənˈeɪ/, French: [ʃaʁdɔnɛ] (listen)) is a green-skinned grape variety used in the production of white wine. The Chardonnay grape itself is neutral, with many of the flavors commonly associated with the wine being derived from such influences as terroir and oak. It is vinified in many different styles, from the lean, crisply mineral wines of Chablis, France, to New World wines with oak and tropical fruit flavors.
Japan
It was designed for the safe and efficient implementation of strongly typed procedures.
Franklin D. Roosevelt.
UVA has won 17 NCAA championships.
As of 1989, a song or album needed to exceed a sales threshold of 500,000 for Gold and 1,000,000 for Platinum. In 1999 after a growth in music sales, the Diamond award was introduced for songs or albums that sold over 10,000,000 units.
Hendrik "Erik" Dekker (born 21 August 1970) is a retired Dutch professional road racing cyclist active from 1992 until 2006. He was a member of the Rabobank cycling team from 1992 till 2006. From 2007 to 2015 he was one of Rabobank's team managers.

Cycling career
Amateur career
Dekker rode his first race at eight, and soon became successful. In 1985 he was invited to join the national selection for juniors. As an amateur, his most important results were second places at the youth world championships in Bergamo in 1987 and at the road race in the 1992 Summer Olympics. In that Olympic road race, Dekker got away at 30 km before the finish, together with Fabio Casartelli and Dainis Ozols. Dekker was outsprinted by Casartelli, but was so happy that he won a medal that he also finished with his arms in the air.

Directly after the Olympic Games, he became professional, and rode his first race a few weeks later in the Tour de l'Avenir.

Professional career
His first win as a professional was a stage of the Tour of the Basque Country of 1994, the year he rode his first Tour de France. In 1997 Dekker won the Ronde van Nederland, but a large part of 1998 was lost because of injuries.

The year 2000 was Dekker's best. He won three stages in the 2000 Tour de France, although neither a sprinter nor a favourite for the overall win, and was voted most combative cyclist. In the autumn of that year, Dekker won his first classic, the Clásica de San Sebastián.

In 2001 Dekker won the Amstel Gold Race and the UCI Road World Cup. In the 2001 Tour de France he took a stage, after having helped his teammate Marc Wauters to a stage win. At the end of the year he was named Dutch Sportsman of the year.

The years 2002 and 2003 were less successful because of injuries. He came back in 2004 in the spring classics and a victory in Paris–Tours. He had announced his retirement for the autumn of 2006, but he crashed heavily in the 2006 Tour de France and decided to stop.

Managing career
In 2007, Dekker started as team manager of the Rabobank team. At the end of the 2015 season, he left the team.
Since there are 44 total parks and a total of 1,550 acres across all parks, the average size of each park would be about 35 acres, because 1,550 divided by 44 is 35 after rounding to the nearest whole number.
No, it is extremely toxic.
Independence Day is celebrated annually on 15 August as a public holiday in India commemorating the nation's independence from the United Kingdom on 15 August 1947, the day when the provisions of the Indian Independence Act, which transferred legislative sovereignty to the Indian Constituent Assembly, came into effect. India retained King George VI as head of state until its transition to a republic, when the Constitution of India came into effect on 26 January 1950 (celebrated as Indian Republic Day) and replaced the dominion prefix, Dominion of India, with the enactment of the sovereign law Constitution of India. India attained independence following the independence movement noted for largely non-violent resistance and civil disobedience.
Galaga was released in 1981 as a fixed shooter arcade video game developed and published by Namco.
Born in Iowa, Asa Wood was a politician and newspaper publisher who later served as a state senator of Nebraska.
Luka Modric is a Croatian professional football (soccer) player. He is considered one of the best midfielders of all time and best Croatian player ever. He was born in Zadar, Croatia. In 2002, at the age of 16, he signed with the biggest Croatian soccer club, Dinamo Zagreb where is stayed till 2008 when he signed with Tottenham Hotspur in England. In 2012 he signed with Real Madrid in Spain where he currently plays.
Sushi is the answer to the question.
DJ Huw Stephens introduced BeatBullyz on the BBC Introducing stage on Radio 1.
In 2003–2004, Donald E. Ross was paid a salary of over $5,000,000, making him at the time the highest-paid college or university president in the nation.
For Modi being a candidate  for the chief minister of Gujarat, Advani was concerned about Modi’s lack of political experience.
The school colors swapped out green for blue and white stayed the same.
Pressure from Walmart pressured Coca-Cola to release a version of diet Coke sweetened with Splenda from 2005 until most distribution ended in 2009.
Green hydrogen, which is produced from renewable energy sources, and from grey, brown or black hydrogen, which is obtained from fossil sources or from the electrolysis of water.
Simul climbing is more dangerous for the leader, since a fall by the follower would pull the leader from below towards the last piece of gear.
A 1955 Mercedes-Benz 300 SLR was reportedly sold in a secret auction for 135 Million Euros
Steven Spielberg is a celebrated American film director, writer and producer.
1400 BC
Santa Monica was founded in 1886.
There are 22 elementary schools in the Arlington public education system.
125,284
2630–2610 BCE
Yes. Paul Lansky graduated from Princeton University with a Ph.D in music.
The "Old Dorms" at the University of Virginia often refer to the primary housing area for first-year students on McCormick Road.
The snowball effect is used to describe the multiplication effect in an original weight saving in aerospace engineering.
The Davie School opened in 1918 and closed in 1978. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic places on March 29, 1988.
* Audiologists aim to determine whether someone has normal sensitivity to sounds.
* If hearing loss is identified, audiologists determine which portions of hearing are affected, to what degree, and where the lesion causing the hearing loss is found
* If an audiologist determines that hearing loss is present, they will provide recommendations for interventions or rehabilitation
Viva Piñata: Party Animals was released for the Xbox 360 gaming console on October 30, 2007 in North America, November 15, 2007 in Australia, November 16, 2007 in Europe, and December 6, 2007 in Japan.
Vice-Admiral Alexander Colville fought in the battles of the Seven Years' War of 1756-1763 and died on May 21, 1770.
Hutchinson's streak was 62 years (2019-1958+1) and it ended because of the lock out caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Bill Murray earned a Golden Globe and a British Academy Film Award and an Oscar nomination for Best Actor for his role in Lost in Translation.
2004
Our Favorite Things is a compilation DVD by the band Negativland, released on November 27, 2007. The original release date on October 23 was skipped due to a pressing error in the DVDs and the bonus CD, a collection of Negativland covers done by an a cappella doo-wop group. 

It contains 20 of the band's greatest "hits" animated by 20 different artists from all over the United States. The cover parodies the artwork of the film The Sound of Music as well as title of the film's song "My Favorite Things". The front features a "review" from the character Goofy saying, "It's goofy". The people on the cover are dolls.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Allen Eager grew up in the Bronx.
The Catholic University was founded in 1887 by the US Catholic Bishops, and is located in Washington, DC.
The causes were multiple, including social, politic, and economic factors.
The United States Bill of Rights comprises the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution. Proposed following the often bitter 1787–88 debate over the ratification of the Constitution and written to address the objections raised by Anti-Federalists, the Bill of Rights amendments add to the Constitution specific guarantees of personal freedoms and rights, clear limitations on the government's power in judicial and other proceedings, and explicit declarations that all powers not specifically granted to the federal government by the Constitution are reserved to the states or the people. The concepts codified in these amendments are built upon those in earlier documents, especially the Virginia Declaration of Rights (1776), as well as the Northwest Ordinance (1787), the English Bill of Rights (1689), and the Magna Carta (1215).
Korla is the second largest city in Xinjiang, China. It is also known as Kurla or Kuerle. It is located in the Bayingolin Mongol Autonomous Prefecture. It is known for fragrant pears and oil fields.
GitHub Copilot is a cloud-based artificial intelligence tool developed by GitHub and OpenAI
According to this text, Walt Disney World is 12,500 acres and sits on 25,000 acres of property owned by the company.
Hickory wood may be used to make lacrosse stick handles, golf club shafts, and the bottom of skis.
Massimo Bray likely writes in Italian.
The oldest prehistoric evidence of human colonization in Sri Lanka goes back to about 125,000 years to a man named Balangoda Man. He was a Mesolithic hunter-gatherer who lived in caves. Furthermore, human remains dating back to 6000 BCE have also been found in several cites in the country.
He was the mayor of Shanghai and then became Communist Party secretary
Titus Welliver played Harry Bosch in the TV series Bosch and also in spin off Bosch:Legacy.
Los Angeles is the west coast city that ESPN began producing it's 1:00 a.m. Eastern Time edition of SportsCenter.
Based on this passage, Raisa did not earn a PhD. She abandoned her graduate studies in Moscow in order to join Gorbachev in Stavropol.
The Pearl Mill Village Historic District is in Durham, North Carolina.
Each team will play 162 games per regular season, with the two top teams playing a best of seven in the World Series Championship.
Belize has a population of 408,487 people and has the lowest population density in Central America.
Washington became the 42nd state of the United States of America in 1889. The United States Congress passed an act enabling the territories of Washington, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Montana to seek statehood.
Mazzy Star was formed in Santa Monica, California in 1988
Rafael Nadal has won 22 singles grand slam titles. The majority of his grand slam wins have been at the French Open, where he has won 14 times.

The main strength of his tennis game is his forehand because of his ability to hit the ball with extremely heavy topspin at difficult angles.
An alternate use for byte pair encoding besides compression would be tokenization.  Tokenization can be used in Natural Language Processing to encode tokens of words for simplicity and speed in NLP tasks.
FC Schalke 04 (full name Fußballclub Gelsenkirchen-Schalke 04 e. V. ) is a German football and multi-sports club that was founded in 1904 in Gelsenkirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia. The club won seven times the German Championship, five times the German Cup / DFB-Pokal and 1997 the UEFA-CUP, when it beat Inter Milan in the finals. The club receives from football fans all over the world renown for its youth academy, which constantly develops famous players. Benedikt Höwedes, Manuel Neuer and Mesut Özil, who won the World Cup with Germany in 2014, were formed in the Schalke 04 youth academy. Since 2011 the youth academy is called Knappenschmiede in reference to the mining industry that was very strong in the past in the area of Western Germany. A Knappe is a miner after completion of his apprenticeship.
Alex Prager was the director of photography for the New York Times Magazine.
The Sun Also Rises was written in 1926 by Ernest Hemingway.
Melbourne Cricket Ground
Stansfeld died at Spelsbury, Oxfordshire, aged 85 in December 1939
Historically, oppressive groups use racial categories to discriminate against other groups that are different from them.
The Ain Elzarga Wetland is an important wetland due to being the home for migratory waterbirds.
The church called San Vincenzo is officially known as the Basilica of Santa Maria della Sanità, located over the Catacombs of San Gaudioso.
While we don't know exactly what caused the winning streak, it seems clear that a key part of the winning streak was related to Zava being on the team. We know that Jamie is overshadowed by Zava's stardom which tells us that Zava is a star, and we see that Zava was mentioned in relation to the winning streak. Therefore, we can guess that Zava joining the team helped the team to go on a five-game winning streak.
Howl's Moving Castle is a fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones.
Friedrich Rudolf Ludwig Freiherr von Canitz was born in Berlin on November 27, 1654.
The No. 13 locomotive was an OA class.
Pragmatism
Gandhi travelled to London in the late 1880s to study law. He first took English literature classes and then enrolled in Inner Temple with the intention to become a barrister.
It took 600 days. The Borneo was in Banjarmasin on July 1st 1714, and then arrived in Madras on February 21st 1716. There are 600 days between these dates.
An advantage of single-cell multiomics in relation to bulk analysis is to mitigate confounding factors derived from cell to cell variation, allowing the uncovering of heterogeneous tissue architectures.
To win the game of chess, a player must capture the opponent's king. This is known as "Checkmating" the king.
The largest size for a dead man zone is 1 kilometre
Industrial Light and Magic are one of the biggest and most innovative VFX (Visual Effects) and CGI (Computer generated imagery) firms. The company was started by George Lucas.and was acquired by Disney. They have contributed Visual special effects for over 300 films including the Star Wars series, Indiana Jones series and the Jurassic Park series.
Dan Squadron won the 2008 Democratic primary over Martin Connor.
Stefan was 45 years old in 1919 when he received his phD from University of Munich, given he was born in 1874.
Yes, I do. The Etlingera diepenhorstii is a monocotyledonous plant species that was first described by Johannes Elias Teijsmann and Simon Binnendijk, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Etlingera diepenhorstii is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae.

The species' range is in Sumatra. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
Shir P.V. Narsimha Rao was born 28 June 1921 and was the 9th Prime Minister of India from 1991 to 1996. His most significant accomplishment was the major shift of the Indian Economy from one governed by fiscally conservative socialistic and protectionist policies ("License Raj") to a more liberal free market enterprise with lesser regulations and protectionism.

On the demographic front, Rao's ascendancy is significant because he was the first Prime Minister from South India and the second from non-Hindi speaking region.
A nursery school, primary school, and the Nottingham University Academy of Science and Technology are located in Dunkirk.
Lysergic acid diethylamide is commonly known as LSD or acid
In the 3rd/2nd century BC, by Pingala, for the first time in India, as "Sunya" in Sanskrit.
Real Madrid was founded in 1902 as Madrid Football Club. Its current stadium, where they play their home matches, is Santiago Bernabeu Stadium.
Defense of the Ancients (DotA)
In 2020, about 48 million accounts were estimated to be fake.
Spain
On March 11th 1973, Maurice Bishop brought together the Joint Endeavor for Welfare, Education, and Liberation (JEWEL), Organization for Revolutionary Education and Liberation, and the Movement for Assemblies of the People to form the New JEWEL Movement.
Australia and the United States have used the dead man zone from Project Vesta
The West High School is located on the west side of Columbus, Ohio, more specifically on 179 South Powell Avenue.
There are three canals in Putlacheruvu. One is used for drinking water and the other two are sewage canals used for pumping water into the fish tanks.
Tiger Woods was borh on December 30, 1975. His real first name is "Eldrick". His niece, Cheyenne Woods, is a professional golfer.
Matong is a town in the central east part of the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. The town is 37 kilometres (23 mi) east of Narrandera and 26 kilometres (16 mi) west of Coolamon. At the 2016 census, Matong had a population of 164 people.

Sport
The most popular sport in Matong is Australian rules football, as it lies in the narrow 'canola belt', a geographical triangle stretching from the Grong Grong and Marrar at either end of the Canola Way, to Ungarie, in which Australian football retains a strong following, despite New South Wales being a largely rugby league supporting state.
Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress,  Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Film Editing. The film won 7 Oscars.
Yes, Nnedi Okorafor is an America, of Nigerian origin.
Romain Iannetta (born 27 November 1979 in Villecresnes) is a French racing driver who last competed in the GT4 European Series, driving the No. 77 Audi R8 LMS GT4 Evo for Full Motorsport. He also competes part-time in the NASCAR Whelen Euro Series as the driver of the No. 46 Chevrolet Camaro for Marko Stipp Motorsport in the EuroNASCAR PRO class.

He is the nephew of driver Alain Iannetta who participated in 24 Hours of Le Mans three times (1988, 1989 and 1990).

In parallel to his passion, Romain is an instructor at the flight school PRO'PULSION (Dreux and Issoire) and driving Ferrari 360 Modena for JMB Racing. He also worked for many auto manufacturers at the launch of new vehicles on the market (Volkswagen, Audi, Citroen, Renault, Alfa Romeo...).

It began in 2000 in the trade of automotive stunt team CINE CASCADE directed by Jean-Claude Lagnes. It revolves mainly around feature films such as: Le Boulet, Ripoux 3, San Antonio, Hush!, Taxi, 36 Quai des Orfèvres, The Bourne Identity and The Mental Love your father.

He was awarded the World Stunt Awards in the United States for the best sequence on a vehicle for the year 2003 for the film The Bourne Identity.
Selena has 2 half-sisters and 1 stepbrother.
The Grateful Dead were founded in the 1960's as the Warlocks by Jerry Garcia, Bob Weir, Ron "Pigpen" McKernan, Phil Lesh and Bill Kreutzmann. Over the years, the band had many other members, including Tom Constanten, John Perry Barlow, Keith Godchaux, Donna Godchaux, Brent Mydland, Vince Welnick and Bruce Hornsby.
While it is not real as a physical object, it is considered real metaphorically, as it represents an invisible barrier that hinder women from rising beyond a certain organizational or societal hierarchy.
The original name of Pandora musical group was Trebol.
Toshiyuki can be written using different combinations of kanji characters.
The major structural features of the human heart are its four chambers for pumping blood. The heart is commonly viewed as having a left side and a right side, with each side comprising two chambers -- an atrium and a ventricle. The four total chambers make up the organ's primary structural features. Together, they are responsible for maintaining blood flow throughout the body via the circulatory system. The heart is also responsible for moving waste products through the bloodstream to the organs that process them.
The ancient city of Pompeii is located near Naples in the Campania region of Italy.
Gary C. Butler was the CEO and president of Automatic Data Processing.
The term "glass ceiling" was first used by Marilyn Loden in a 1978 speech.
A companion dog is a dog that provides only companionship as a pet, rather than usefulness by doing specific tasks.
The founder of I Liq Chuan is Chin Lik Keong.
Natural hydrogen (known as white hydrogen), is naturally occurring molecular hydrogen on or in Earth (as opposed to hydrogen produced in the laboratory or in industry).
Database developed by PingCap for hybrid transactional and analytical processing
Mountain biking as a sport came into existence in various areas in the USA in the late 1970s and early 1980s.  While many groups of riders in different US locations claim the birthright to mountain biking, it's clear that there wasn't a single person nor a single location that served as the starting point for the sport.  Riders in Crested Butte, CO, Marin County, CA, Mill Valley, CA, Cupertino, CA, and several other locations contributed significantly to the birth of the sport.

It wasn't until the late 1970s and early 1980s that bicycle companies began manufacturing mountain bikes with specific high-tech lightweight materials that popularized the sport.  Joe Breeze (Marin County) is often credited with building the first, purpose-built mountain bike in 1978.

It's important to note that there were mountain bike concepts and prototypes built well before this period, with the earliest concept belonging to the off-road bicycles used by the Buffalo Soldiers in 1896.
faucets, showerheads, and toilets
Isabel Emily Jay studied at the Royal Academy of Music and retired at 31 years old.
19% of UVA's academic budget goes to endowment and gifts.
Indeed. Bristol is the largest city in South West England, and as such is a centre for culture, research and higher education in the region. The city is home to a prestigious "red brick university" (University of Bristol) and a high-ranking "new university" (University of the West of England). The city is also noted for its investment in the sciences and engineering, particularly its ties to the aerospace industry.
Lost in Translation was written and directed by Sofia Coppola.
The Bismarck was active for only 8 months of World WarII. The Bismarck and an accompanying heavy crusier, the Prinz Eugen engaged with two British battlecruisers, the Hood and the Prince of Wales off the Denmark Strait in May 1941.  During the engagement, the Hood was destroyed but the Bismarck suffered damage from fire from the Price of Wales that forced the Nazi battleship to effectively end its operations.
It probably means "headland overgrown with birch".
Black Oak is a community is Arkansas, United States.
There were 13 British Colonies that became States in the United States of America in 1776:  Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Virginia.
Southern Charm is a Bravo TV Show based in Charleston SC. They go to dinners, throw parties, fight with each other like any other reality TV show. Some of the known character on the show include Craig Conover, Shep Rose, Austen Kroll, Leva Bonaparte, Madison LeCroy, and Taylor-Ann Greene.
38
British Shorthairs are an easygoing, quiet and dignified breed. They are sweet-natured and devoted to their owners. When there is no one at home, they will stay at home quietly and wait for their owners to come back.
Peru has a population of over 34 million people.
For most recreational diving atmospheric air with 21% oxygen and 78% nitrogen is used. The second most common mixture is Enriched Air Nitrox which contains extra oxygen with 32% or 36% and less Nitrogen than is found in atmospheric air, which permits divers to have shorter safety stops or shorter surface intervals.
Surfing as a local pastime is a natural fit for most Californian's living near the coast. The rise in popularity of beach life in Southern California and especially the film "Gidget" exploded the desire to be a part of the rising surf culture. California was looked upon by most of the nation as trend setting and surfing served as the epitome of cool for most people looking from afar.
Even though Chicago is the biggest major in-land city in America, its diverse economic sectors allows it maintain its status as a competitive global city. Chicago is the country's main railroad hub. Not only is it paramount to the transportation of goods nationally, but its ability to ensure that not a single industry dominates more than 14% of the city's workforce helps its economic endeavors. Having one of the most active airports in the world and an infrastructure proven to be conducive to a plethora of industries, it makes it an ideal location for companies to plant their headquarters as Exelon, JLL, McDonald's, and Motorola all have done.
Mexico
Phillips Academy Andover, Massachusetts
Justin Vernon is the singer-songwriter in Bon Iver.
The western border of South Korea is formed by the Yellow Sea, while the eastern border is formed by the Sea of Japan.
Final Fantasy was created by Hironobu Sakaguchi
The fastest starship in the Star Trek universe is the USS Prometheus
The French Bulldog is a French breed of companion dog or toy dog. It is is among the most frequently registered dogs in a number of countries including Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Oskar Dillon, the Australian professional footballer did a free kick from 25 yards out defeating the Knights in the 2019 NPL Queensland Grand final.
It lasted for one year before an original member left. The first member to leave was Anthony Pini in 1932. The band was founded when Holst moved to Manchester in 1931. There is one year between these dates.
MR-1 was launched on November 21, 1960, and MR-1 was an uncrewed flight, so there were no people on the spacecraft.
Sagan has won three consecutive cycling world championships
Franz Kafka was born on 3 July 1883, and was a German-speaking Bohemian novelist and short-story writer based in Prague.
Taylor Swift has won 40 AMAs (American Music Awards).
The distance covered in a marathon is 42.195 kilometers and it can be completed by running and walking combined, though there are also possibilities for wheelchair participants.
Nestor the Chronicler in 1112. He told of "hot wooden saunas in which naked bathers beat themselves with branches and finally pour cold water over themselves"".
Iolaus crawshayi, the Crawshay's sapphire, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Ethiopia, Somalia, Kenya, Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Tanzania.
The habitat consists of moist savanna.

The larvae feed on the young leaves of Erianthemum dregei and Phragmanthera usuiensis. They are dull dirty whitish green or brown.
Two times
US$150 per MWh.
In graph theory, a clique is a subset of vertices of an undirected graph such that every two distinct vertices in the clique are adjacent.
"Give us peace"
Gobekli Tepe is a neolithic archaeological site located in the Anatolia region of Turkey. It is the world's oldest known megalith, dating as far back as 12000 years.
The population of Puerto Rico decreased 11.8% between 2010 and 2020, from 3,725,789 in 2010 to 3,285,874 in 2020, according to the United States Census. Emigration due to economic difficulties and natural disasters, coupled with a low birth rate, have caused the population decline to continue in recent years.
Goff's best game mentioned in the text was on October 2 when he threw four touchdowns passes, and added a tenure-high 378 passing yards during a 48–45 loss to the Seattle Seahawks.

Goff played another good game against the Washington Commanders, when he threw for 256 yards and four touchdowns in a 36–27 victory, but this performance wasn't as good as the game against the Seahawks because he threw for fewer yards even though he threw for the same amount of touchdowns.

Note that the text is also missing information that would be useful in judging Goff's performance such as QBR, completion percentage, etc.
removing the legal barriers to same-sex marriage, banning discrimination against homeless people, conceal and carry firearms, and revising the wiretapping laws so that citizens can record in public.
McDonalds was founded in 1940 and serves over 69 million customers a day as of 2021. It's best selling product are their french fries.
Formula one cars generate downforce mainly using front and rear wings.
Short Circuit is a 1986 film about military robot that becomes sentient by lightening strike, escapes, learns, adapts, and over comes many challenges of a former robot attempting to prove its sentience to its makers and make a life for itself.  
The miracle of life that is sentience has certain markers that distinguish themselves from computers and technology, and the film attempts to showcase these via a series of acts.  First and foremost, the technology of the time period did not have any of the capabilities of Artificial General Intelligence, which is confirmed by the programmers confusion by number 5 not abiding its programming.  Given the amount of input that number 5 must have extracted, processed, stored, and analyzed, there were insufficient compute resources of the time period to support this type of live streaming, instantaneous processing and analysis.  
Johnny 5 was alive because it was able to learn what death was, become afraid of it, and fight for his ability to survive.  Johnny 5 also learned how to outwit his opponents without the use of excessive force, while also using comedy to disarm his foes.  In the end, it was able to trick his would be destroyers into believing it was dead, allowing him to escape into a life with his friends doing what he loves, reading input.  
What better proof than this, of the miracle of life, is for someone to fight for it, and live.
Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj was born on 19, February 1630
Lee Kuan Yew was born on 16 September 1923 and he served as the inaugural Prime Minister of Singapore from 1959 to 1990.
If we use number of visitors as a proxy for popularity then The Great Smoky Mountains National Park with over 14 million visitors in 2021 would rank as the most popular National Park. The least visited National Park is the Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve. Its lower visitation rate may have more to do with its remoteness than the Park's popularity.
Graph theory is the study of graphs, which are mathematical structures used to model pairwise relations between objects.
The Salt River is about 9 miles long and starts near Fortuna and Waddington California and flows into the Pacific Ocean.
Based on this text, Admiral Zheng He commanded the Ming treasure voyages.
Oracular Spectacular was named by Rolling Stone as one of their 500 Greatest Albums of All Time
Mitsuyo Maeda
The tower Chowk was renamed as Rajendra Tower after the passing of the president Dr. Rajendra Prasad.
Philip, Duke of Parma's parents were King Philip V and Elisabeth Farnese.
Guion Stewart Bluford Jr. was the first African American to go to space.  He was an American aerospace engineer, retired United States Air force officer and fighter pilot, and former NASA astronaut.  He participated in for Space Shuttle flights between 1983 and 1992.
Spring training games are played in the states of Arizona or Florida due to the warm weather, even early in the year.
Charlotte Brontë
The 300 series contains the most nickel content.
Lit
Peanuts are heated in a revolving oven at about 430 °C using the batch method.
The battle (fought between the Persian Empire and Greek City-States in 480 BC) is still considered by many historians to be a foundational event in the development of Western Civilization and modern Democracy.  Some say that if the Greeks had lost at Salamis it could have had profound effects on the trajectory of human history.  Historian's trace back much of today's Western ideals in philosophy, culture, politics, and science to Ancient Greece.  They deduce that if Persia had won the Greco-Persian wars it could have oppressed the blossoming of many modern Western schools of thought.  

Salamis is one of many skirmishes fought over the course of almost half a century during this conflict.  There were other pivotal battles that contributed to the Greek victory, like Marathon and Plataea.  However, if Salamis had been won by the Persians, the Greek navy would have been unable to stop them from establishing beachheads across Greece.  Much of the Greek victory has been attributed to their use of the environment to their advantage; leveraging natural chokepoints (like at Salamis) to reduce the effectiveness of Persia's numerical advantage.  Had Salamis fallen to the Persians it's reasonable to assume that this strategy would have failed and Persia's massive armies would have been able to dominate the Greeks.  

It's also impossible to predict the outcome of the war if Persia had won this battle, even though chances are things would have ended very differently.  Salamis is perhaps more highly regarded because of the long odds the Greek navy faced.  They were able to prevail despite being largely outnumbered, which could also be why it's considered such a remarkable event.
A meme is compared to a gene because it can self-replicate, mutate, and respond to selective pressures similar to that of a gene.
O.J.: Made in America had 5 parts. Today, documentaries cannot be multi part, so a 5 part documentary could no longer win an Oscar.
The River Thames flows through Southern England and it is 346 kilometres long.
Operons are clusters of genes that share the same promoter. They occur mainly in prokaryotes and some lower eukaryotes such as Caenorhabditis elegans.
King Charles II returned to Navarre in November 1361.
Alexander III of Macedon, commonly known as Alexander the Great, was a king of the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon. He succeeded his father Philip II to the throne in 336 BC at the age of 20, and spent most of his ruling years conducting a lengthy military campaign throughout Western Asia and Egypt. By the age of 30, he had created one of the largest empires in history, stretching from Greece to northwestern India. He was undefeated in battle and is widely considered to be one of history's greatest and most successful military commanders.
The Euxoa brevipennis moth belongs to the Noctuidae family of moths.
In metaphysics, ontology is the philosophical study of being
One of Taylor Swift's cats is the third richest pet animal in the world, and it's estimated net worth is $97 million.
The men's 2022 FIFA world cup was located in Qatar. Argentina won the world cup, beating France on penalties after drawing 3-3 during the game.
Ice hockey is a team sport played on ice skates, usually on an ice skating rink with lines and markings specific to the sport. It belongs to a family of sports called hockey. In ice hockey, two opposing teams use ice hockey sticks to control, advance, and shoot a closed, vulcanized, rubber disc called a "puck" into the other team's goal. Each goal is worth one point. The team which scores the most goals is declared the winner. In a formal game, each team has six skaters on the ice at a time, barring any penalties, one of whom is the goaltender. Ice hockey is a full contact sport, and is considered to be one of the more physically demanding sports.

Ice hockey is fast, intense and fun to watch. The fans in the stadium are sitting close to the ice rink and cheer and push their favorite teams to reach their goals.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The Packers compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the National Football Conference (NFC) North division. The 'Packers' are the third-oldest franchise in the NFL, dating back to 1919, and is the only non-profit, community-owned major league professional sports team based in the United States.
His femur.
1998
Each year about 40 million tons of PVC are produced.
Dill Records was started by Mike Park and made CDs from 1989 to 1998.
The Ryder Cup is named after English businessman Samuel Ryder.
Die Schutzbefohlenen, translated as the supplicants is a play by Elfriede Jelinek written in 2013. She termed it a Sprachkunstwerk, a language artwork. It deals critically with the politics at the time concerning refugees. The play was first read in Hamburg on 21 September 2013. The first scenic production was in Mannheim on 23 May 2014. 

The first production in Austria was staged at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 28 March 2015, which was recognised internationally. Later that year, Jelinek expanded the text to reflect the changed political situation.
Portsmouth FC
The best-selling EUV is the Twinscan NXE:3600D, and it takes 3 Boeing 747s per EUV, so 30 Boeing 747s are required to ship ten Twinscan NXE:3600Ds.
Boba tea is a very delicious drink originally from Taiwan. It started with cold milk tea with tapioca balls in the early 1990s. When the demand gets so popular, the boba tea store owner tries to be fancier by adding different toppings such as grass jelly, pudding cluster, aloe vera, red beans, gummy, mochi and fruit bites. In addition, many store owners become more creative by using different flavors of tea (black, green, oolong, jasmine and other fragrance tea)  as a drink base to outstand other competitors.
December 7, 1941
Based on this paragraph, it seems like the Country Championship refers to some form of organized competition between cricket teams belonging to different counties. The Championship has been organized for at least four times given that the Northamptonshire County Cricket Club finished as runners-up in it for four times. It also seems like the Championship was split into two divisions at some point.
The main story revolves around the protagonist V, as they deal with a mysterious cybernetic implant that threatens to overwrite their body with another person's memories.
$3,333 per square foot = $100,000,000/ 30,000 square feet
Tic-tac-toe is played on a three-by-three grid by two players, who alternately place the marks X and O in one of the nine spaces in the grid. Tic-tac-toe (American English), noughts and crosses (Commonwealth English), or Xs and Os (Canadian or Irish English) is a paper-and-pencil game for two players who take turns marking the spaces in a three-by-three grid with X or O. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row is the winner. It is a solved game, with a forced draw assuming best play from both players.
The term used in this manner was coined around 1979 by Steve Wright, the then-Director of Software Development in the Atari Consumer Division, to describe a hidden message in the Atari video game Adventure
The Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards is appointed by a resolution of the House of Commons for a fixed term of five years.
ETCD
Texas and North Dakota produced 43% and 10.4% of US oil in 2020, respectively.
Adventfjorden is 4km wide and 7km long.
The name Essex originates in the Anglo-Saxon period of the Early Middle Ages and has its root in the Anglo-Saxon (Old English) name Ēastseaxe ("East Saxons").
The Beatles were integral to the development of 1960s counterculture
Bruce Nodwell invented the Nodwell 110, a two-tracked vehicle capable of traversing a wide variety of terrain.
The occurrence of the September 11 attacks
The court ruled that the NFL had not acquired or maintained its monopoly power unlawfully and that the refusal to expand to Memphis did not contribute to its maintenance.
22
The American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) defines panomics as referring to "the interaction of all biological functions within a cell and with other body functions, combining data collected by targeted tests ... and global assays (such as genome sequencing) with other patient-specific information."
Rome's conquest of North Africa's Mediterranean coastline lead to Africa's integration into the Roman System.
Laura non c'è" was the hit single, but wasn't added until the album was released in 1997.
Lygodactylus gutturalis is a species of gecko commonly found in Sub-Saharan Africa from near the Equator northward.
1229 years
Domestic cats are able to see at one-sixth the light level required for human vision.
An expert system is a program that uses logical rules derived from expert knowledge to answer questions or solve problems in a specific domain of knowledge. The first expert system, called Dendral, was developed in 1965 by Edward Feigenbaum and his students and identified compounds from spectrometer readings.
Evdokia Reshetnik, a Ukranian zoologist and ecologist, helped squirrel away natural history artifacts from a Ukranian museum of Natural History, keeping them from falling into the hands of the Germans. Ironically, the story of her courage was nearly lost, only resurfacing in the twenty-first century.
A small-world network is a mathematical graph in which most nodes are not neighbors of one another, but the neighbors of any given node are likely to be neighbors of each other.
For 10 years, between 1981 and his retirement in 1991
Suntory was established in 1899
The ASCI supports research into basic mechanisms and treatment of human diseases and to the education of the future generations of physician-scientists.
The "Big Five" refers to the five most prominent religious movements globally: Hinduism, Buddhism, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
New York
The Air Force Academy Football team has a rivalry with Colorado State University as well as with Army and Navy.
Breezy Point's population was 2,346 at the 2010 census.
David Allan Farrish played 430 games in the NHL.
Three body problem is a breaking through science friction book written by Cixin Liu，a chinese novelist. The book has a macro imagination and profound perspective about human beings, society , nature and the entire universe. It is considered the number one science fiction book in China.
Autonomous buildings often rely on less civil services and are therefore safer and more comfortable during civil disasters or military attacks.
The song "More" was the top song on Christian radio for nine weeks in 2004.
Finland officially joined NATO on 4 April 2023, while the ratification process for Sweden is in progress.
The Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy, also known as the Rocket Richard Trophy, is awarded annually to the leading goal scorer in the National Hockey League (NHL). It was donated to the NHL by the Montreal Canadiens in 1998–99 and is named in honour of legendary Montreal Canadiens right winger Maurice "Rocket" Richard. 

First won by Teemu Selanne, it is currently held by Auston Matthews, who scored 60 goals during the 2021–22 NHL season.
No, he retired at the age of 36 on May 14, 2014. However he is still working as an architect which he studied during his graduation.
The Stone age was a prehistoric period that lasted for millions of years and ended in and ended between 4,000 BC and 2,000 BC , with the advent of metalworking.  In this period, stone was widely used to make stone tools and weapons with an edge, a point, or a percussion surface. 
The Stone Age is the first period in the three-age system frequently used in archaeology to divide the timeline of human technological prehistory into functional periods, with the next two being the Bronze Age and the Iron Age, respectively. 
Though some simple metalworking of malleable metals, particularly the use of gold and copper for purposes of ornamentation, was known in the Stone Age, it is the melting and smelting of copper that marks the end of the Stone Age.
The Stone Age is also commonly divided into three distinct periods: Paleolithic era which is the earliest and most primitive; a transitional period with finer tools known as the Mesolithic era; and the final stage known as the Neolithic era. Neolithic peoples were the first to transition away from hunter-gatherer societies into the settled lifestyle of inhabiting towns and villages as agriculture became widespread.
The song was written and produced by American singer-songwriter Moses Sumney.
Maison Ikkoku is a manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits from November 15, 1980 to April 20, 1987. It has been adapted into an anime series and a live action film and two episode TV drama.
Belgrandia varica is endemic to France, so therefore it is found in Europe.
Unicode rendered extended ASCII obsolete.
According to this text, the Motte-and-bailey castles were the most common following the Norman Conquest.
International Military Education and Training
Ensure you are not harming your research participants, while maximizing benefits and minimizing any potential harm.  Engage with your community to determine best practices when encountering ethical concerns.  This should ensure your compliance with beneficence.
Hong Kong, officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (abbr. Hong Kong SAR or HKSAR), is a city and special administrative region of China on the eastern Pearl River Delta in South China. With 7.5 million residents of various nationalities in a 1,104-square-kilometre (426 sq mi) territory, Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated places in the world. Hong Kong is also a major global financial centre and one of the most developed cities in the world.

Hong Kong was established as a colony of the British Empire after the Qing Empire ceded Hong Kong Island from Xin'an County at the end of the First Opium War in 1841 then again in 1842. The colony expanded to the Kowloon Peninsula in 1860 after the Second Opium War and was further extended when Britain obtained a 99-year lease of the New Territories in 1898. British Hong Kong was occupied by Imperial Japan from 1941 to 1945 during World War II; British administration resumed after the surrender of Japan. The whole territory was transferred to China in 1997. As one of China's two special administrative regions (the other being Macau), Hong Kong maintains separate governing and economic systems from that of mainland China under the principle of "one country, two systems".

Originally a sparsely populated area of farming and fishing villages, the territory has become one of the world's most significant financial centres and commercial ports. As of 2021, it is the world's ninth-largest exporter and eight-largest importer. Hong Kong has a market economy characterised by a focus on services, low taxation and free trade; its currency, the Hong Kong dollar, is the eighth most traded currency in the world. Hong Kong is home to the third-highest number of billionaires of any city in the world, the second-highest number of billionaires of any city in Asia, and the largest concentration of ultra high-net-worth individuals of any city in the world. Although the city has one of the highest per capita incomes in the world, severe income inequality exists among the population. Most notably, housing in Hong Kong has been well-documented to experience a chronic persistent shortage; the extremely compact house sizes and the extremely high housing density are the effects of Hong Kong's housing market being the most expensive housing in the world.

Hong Kong is a highly developed territory and has a Human Development Index (HDI) of 0.952, ranking fourth in the world. The city has the largest number of skyscrapers of any city in the world, and its residents have some of the highest life expectancies in the world. The dense space has led to a highly developed transportation network with public transport rates exceeding 90%. Hong Kong is ranked 3rd in the Global Financial Centres Index.
No, Puerto Rico is not a US state. Rather, it is a US territory. Puerto Rican citizens have automatic US citizenship. Due to this, residents of Puerto Rico and the United States can travel freely between the two, without passports. Puerto Rican residents do not pay federal income tax nor do they vote for the US president.
Jonathan Young (born September 29, 1944) is a psychologist who became the founding curator of the Joseph Campbell Archives.

Background
Young developed an interest in the teaching functions of stories through early exposure to folklore. He was one of six children in a much-traveled family. His parents read and discussed the lore of each place they visited, such as the Little Mermaid in Copenhagen, the Pied Piper in Hamelin, the Arabian Nights in Baghdad, and the Buddha in India and Japan.

His graduate studies focused on the psychology of stories, and included work with Viktor Frankl, Rollo May, Abraham Maslow, and Carl Rogers. He earned his PhD in Clinical Psychology from Alliant International University.

Career
Young is best known for his series of books, Saga: Best New Writings on Mythology. He assisted mythologist Joseph Campbell for several years at seminars. In addition to the Campbell archives, he organized the collections of psychologist James Hillman, and archeologist Marija Gimbutas. As a professor, Young created and chaired the Mythological Studies Department at the Pacifica Graduate Institute, working with Jungian theorists such as Robert Bly, Marion Woodman, Robert A. Johnson, Jean Houston, and Thomas Moore.

In 1995, Dr. Young launched the Center for Story and Symbol in Santa Barbara, California to continue the work of Joseph Campbell. Through the center's programs, he presents seminars internationally on the uses of mythic stories for therapists, writers, clergy, and teachers. He also teaches the hero's journey in screenwriting programs. He lectures occasionally at universities, such as UCLA, Notre Dame, and Oxford, as well as ongoing courses in Mythopoetics at Pacifica Graduate Institute. He is featured in the History Channel documentary Star Wars: The Legacy Revealed. He also frequently appears on the History Channel and H2 television series Ancient Aliens.

Works
Saga: Best New Writings on Mythology
Article on Joseph Campbell, The Dictionary of Modern American Philosophers
It has generally decreased.  For example, in the second half of the twentieth century, the French-speaking population of Jefferson County was 24,049 as compared to 1,922 today. Similarly, in Harris County the French-speaking population has shifted from 26,796 to 14,493.
Children called the Gigglekids tell jokes to Justin.
RISC stands for reduced instruction set computer. It is a computer architecture designed to simplify the individual instructions given to the computer to accomplish tasks.
101 Damnations was released on January 15, 1990 through Big Cat Records.
Edzard the Great
Lasantha Rodrigo worked as a mechanical engineer for Ceylon Cold Stores for 31 years.
Lester D. Menke (December 16, 1918 – March 5, 2016) was a state Representative from the Iowa's 5th and 7th Districts. He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1973 to 1985, serving as Speaker pro Tempore from 1981 to 1985. 

After he served in the Iowa House, Menke served as a liaison between Governor Terry Branstad and the legislature for two years. Menke has a B.A. from Morningside College, where he later served as a member of the board of directors, and attended The University of Iowa College of Law for one year. He worked as a farm owner and for an insurance agency.

He served on various school boards and served as president of the Iowa Association of School Boards and State Board of Public Instruction and as director of the National Association of State Boards of Education, as well as serving on the Iowa Educational Radio and Television Facilities Board. Menke received Morningside College's Distinguished Alumni award in 1975.
The word "bitcoin" was defined in a white paper published on October 31, 2008.
The Japanese researcher Yoshinori Ohsumi.
FAS = Final Assembly Schedule
MTO = make to order
ATO = assemble-to-order
La La Land was originally declared the winner for Best Picture
The crustaceans Anostraca can be be found in vernal pools and hypersaline lakes, as well as deserts, ice-covered mountain lakes and Antarctic ice.
A handheld device typically has a flat LCD or OLED screen,
It is estimated that about 6,500 tons of cashmere is produced each year.
The book that precedes "No Longer at Ease" in the African trilogy is "Things Fall Apart".
Prince Albert Victor
The term large language model (LLM) does not have a formal definition. However, it often refers to deep learning models having a parameter count on the order of billions or more.
The first rays of sunlight, after touching the webs, turned them into gold and silver.
The players and owners failed to reach an agreement on salaries.
The player satisfies park visitors' needs by building facilities and services such as food stalls, bathrooms, souvenir shops, ATMs, and information kiosks, as well as by hiring staff. The player must simultaneously balance the park's expenses and income.
High-functioning autism (HFA) is an autism classification where a person exhibits no intellectual disability but may show deficits in communication, emotion recognition and expression, and social interaction. High-functioning autism is characterised by features similar to those of Asperger syndrome. The defining characteristic psychologists recognise there is a significant delay in developing early speech and language skills before three years. The diagnostic criteria of Asperger syndrome exclude a general language delay.
10 were launched, 1 was not successful, so 10-1 = 9 were successful.
Lawson is a convenience store franchise chain in Japan
* 19th century - mathematically formulated for first time by the Irish mathematician William Rowan Hamilton and by the British mathematician Thomas Kirkman
* 1930s - First studied by mathematicians in Vienna and at Harvard, most notably by Karl Menger and Merill M. Flood who was looking to solve a school bus routing problem.
* 1959 - Jillian Beardwood, J.H. Halton and John Hammersley published an article entitled "The Shortest Path Through Many Points" in the journal of the Cambridge Philosophical Society, which provided the first practical solution.
* 1960s - new approach is created, which produce a solution whose length is provably bounded by a multiple of the optimal length.
* 1972 - Richard M. Karp showed that the Hamiltonian cycle problem was NP-complete, which implies the NP-hardness of traveling salesman problem.
* 1976 - Christofides and Serdyukov independently invented new algorithm, which yields a solution that in the worst case is at most 1.5 times longer than the optimal solution.
* 1990s -  Applegate, Bixby, Chvátal, and Cook developed the program Concorde that has been used in many recent record solutions.
* 1991 - Gerhard Reinelt published the TSPLIB, a collection of benchmark instances of varying difficulty, which has been used by many research groups for comparing results
* 2006 - Cook and others computed an optimal tour through an 85,900-city instance given by a microchip layout problem, currently the largest solved TSPLIB instance.
* 2011 - Slightly improved approximation algorithm is developed for the subset of "graphical" traveling salesman problem.
* 2020 - The slightly improved approximation algorithm developed for the subset of "graphical" is extended to cover the full traveling salesman problem.
Google purchased YouTube in October 2006 for $1.65 billion
1986
Due to the requirement of paying your taxes on time in the previous year to be able to register to vote, the number of voters that were non-Muslim dropped.
While at McLaren-Honda, Alain Prost was Ayrton Senna's teammate.
The main elements of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are:
- Reducing tax rates for businesses and individuals
- Increasing the standard deduction and family tax credits
- Eliminating personal exemptions
- Limiting deductions for state and local income and property taxes
- Limiting the mortgage interest deduction
- Reducing the alternative minimum tax
- Doubling the estate tax exemption
- Setting the penalty enforcing individual mandate of the Affordable Care Act at $0
A recurrent neural network is a class of artificial neural networks where connections between nodes can create a cycle, allowing output from some nodes to affect subsequent input to the same nodes.The term "recurrent neural network" is used to refer to the class of networks with an infinite impulse response, whereas "convolutional neural network" refers to the class of finite impulse response.
4,000
It requires him to constantly move forward.
Lionel Andrés Messi, also known as Leo Messi, was born 24 June 1987. He is an Argentine professional footballer. In 2022, He won 2022 FIFA World Cup with his country.
A refugee camps are generally built by governments or non-government organizations, such as the Red Cross. They are built to receive displaced individuals.
London's overcrowded conditions is one reason why epidemics spread in London.
Stryk studied mathematics and computer science at the Technical University of Munich.
Josh Logan was 16 years old. He was born in 1980 and the album released in 1996, so 1996-1980 = 16
New York Yankees defeated the NY Mets 4 games to 1
The height of the tower is 55.86 metres (183 feet 3 inches) from the ground on the low side and 56.67 m (185 ft 11 in) on the high side.
No, Singapore has only four official languages.
Mushulatubbee signed the Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek on September 26, 1830.
Because black metal was associated with Satanism in Antestor's home country Norway, and they are a Christian extreme metal band.
She was the first science fiction writer to receive a MacArthur Fellowship.
east to west
The electrolytic detector was replaced around 1913 by crystal and vacuum tube detectors.
Located in South America, the Amazon rainforest spreads across Brazil, Peru. Columbia, Bolivia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.  The rainforest covers 5,500,000 square km (2,100,000 square miles) where more than 30 million people reside.
Unpredictable abilities that have been observed in large language models but that were not present in simpler models (and that were not explicitly designed into the model) are usually called "emergent abilities". Researchers note that such abilities "cannot be predicted simply by extrapolating the performance of smaller models". These abilities are discovered rather than programmed-in or designed, in some cases only after the LLM has been publicly deployed.
David Ortiz played basketball in addition to baseball. His parents had five total children, and today (on April 5, 2023) he is 47 years old.
Trans-X released the album Living on Video in 1983. It included 7 tracks.
Oxygen Not Included is a space-colony simulation survival game produced and published by Klei Entertainment, the same studio that developed Don’t Starve. At the start of a new game, three colonists (referred to as duplicants) find themselves in an asteroid with isolated pockets of breathable atmosphere, with no memory of how they got there. The player is tasked with managing and taking care of these duplicants as they try to survive and create a sustainable makeshift space colony. The player must monitor the duplicants' hunger, waste, and oxygen levels to keep them alive. To help establish the colony, the player directs the duplicants to perform certain tasks, such as mining for resources, growing food, crafting equipment, researching new technologies, and maintaining their own health through nourishment, rest, and hygiene.
The first computer worm publicly known to cause real disruptions and malfunctioning to computers connected to the Internet is known to be the Morris worm, created in 1988 by Robert Morris, a computer science student at Cornell University.
Kelly Slater's main activism has been directed towards suicide prevention and ocean conservation.
Yes, the Malibamat'so River is a river in northern Lesotho. Its origin is near the South African border, where it drains the eastern slopes of the Maloti Range.
The McIntosh County Seat War was a dispute in Oklahoma over the location of the McIntosh County seat that took place between 1907 and 1909. Following a pair of elections that resulted in the town of Checotah being designated as the new county seat, the people of Eufaula refused to hand over the county records. 

As a result, a group of heavily armed men from Chectotah attempted to seize the records, but were forced to surrender during the gunbattle that ensued. One year later, after another close election, Eufaula became the permanent county seat.
Margot Robbie was born on July 2nd, 1990. She is famous for being an Australian actress and one of Time Magazine's 100 most influential people in the world in 2017.
The death of Robert Jordan, the original author of the Wheel of Time series, prompted his wife and editor, Harriet McDougal, to find someone to complete her late husband's work. She chose Brandon Sanderson, who had recently released the popular first novel of the Mistborn series, The Final Empire. Sanderson agreed after reviewing Jordan's notes.
1857
In her teens, Deneen taught school in Sac County, Iowa.
The French revolution started in 1789 and ended in November 1799
Sintok is located 12km from Changlu Town and 52km from Alor Setar City in Malaysia.
Ecsenius tessera is commonly found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean, close to Vanuatu.
Most of the other 24 were reallocated as sub-genera of the remaining two genera.
The first phase of Vistra Energy's Moss Landing Energy Storage Facility can store 1.2GWh and dispatch 300MW.
There are two ChatGPT versions so far. The first release was on Nov 23rd, 2022, and the second launch was released on Mar 14th, 2023.
Mount Everest is located in the Himalayan mountain range and runs across the China-Nepal border.
Piloting into a non-towered airport in my experience can be more challenging than towered airports.  What makes it challenging is that you are not speaking to anyone in charge of the airspace.  You are broadcasting to an open communications channel and hope all the other pilots “play” by the rules.  The first best practice is to have a basic understanding of the airport, how many runways, what direction do they run, direction of the traffic pattern and traffic pattern altitude etc.?   Practice consistency as this will aid in your decision making process.  As you approach the airport you must also check the weather via AWOS or ASOS to determine the wind direction, speed and altimeter setting.  The next step is to tune into airport UNICOM to listen to other traffic in the area, note the departures and arrivals and also note other planes in the traffic pattern.  The next step is to identify yourself via the airport UNICOM channel, provide your distance to the airport and your direction from the airport.   Your approach direction will most likely determine how and where you will join the traffic pattern.  Most importantly, keep listening to the airport UNICOM and actively look for any other planes either in the traffic pattern or in the vicinity.  There are a minimum of 4 traffic pattern legs - crosswind, downwind, base and final.  Your job as a pilot is to communicate as you enter each pattern leg. It is also beneficial to communicate your intentions whether you are executing a full stop landing or a touch-n-go.  If you are doing a full-stop landing be sure to communicate when you are clear of the given runway.
1861
Music of the Sun (2005)
Stevan L. Davies went to college at Duke University for his bachelor's degree and Temple University for his doctorate in philosophy.
HAZOP
right hand
2014
Kilo is a station on the VR commuter rail network on the Rantarata line located in Kilo, a district of the city of Espoo in Finland. It is situated between Leppavaara railway station and Kera railway station, approximately 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) northwest/west of Helsinki Central railway station.
Aronia is also known as chokeberries and they were first cultivated in Scandinavia and Russia.
2.
Friedrich August von Hayek and Gunnar Myrdal shared the 1974 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.
The Sanremo Music Festival
Crystal Palace FC
Dickinson College and Princeton Theological Seminary
The median family income in Chadwick, Illinois is $57,039 and about 3.7% of families live below the poverty line.
The National Gallery of Ireland opened in 1864 and is known for its Irish, Italian Baroque, and Dutch masters paintings
Gideon Blackburn
The 1932 Australian Grand Prix was a motor race held at the Phillip Island circuit in Victoria, Australia on 14 March 1932. It was the fifth Australian Grand Prix and the fifth to be held at Phillip Island.

The race was organized by the Light Car Club of Australia, formerly known as the Victorian Light Car Club, and was limited to cars having an engine with a piston displacement of 2000cc or less. It was the first Australian Grand Prix to be decided on a straight handicap basis, with the winner being the first car to complete the 31 laps. The two "scratch" competitors had to concede starts ranging up to 29 minutes, equating to an advantage of four laps. The previous practice of cars contesting four classes was discontinued. Weather conditions were reported to be "ideal".

The race, in which there were 18 starters, was won by Bill Thompson driving a Bugatti. Thompson was also awarded the Herald Trophy for recording the fastest time of the race.
Around 11,000 years ago the earth began to wam and melt the great ice sheets, raising sea levels and filling the valley that the San Francisco Bay now lives in.
BNP Paribas alias BNPP is a French Banking group. In 2022 they made 50.4 billion euros of revenue and 10.2 billion euros of net income.
There are 1.05 million (1,050,000) insect species, which is the largest group in the animal kingdom.
Hispania (Latin: Hispānia [hɪsˈpaːnia], Spanish: [isˈpanja]; nearly identically pronounced in Spanish, Portuguese, Catalan, and Italian) was the Roman name for the Iberian Peninsula and its provinces. Under the Roman Republic, Hispania was divided into two provinces: Hispania Citerior and Hispania Ulterior. During the Principate, Hispania Ulterior was divided into two new provinces, Baetica and Lusitania, while Hispania Citerior was renamed Hispania Tarraconensis. 

Subsequently, the western part of Tarraconensis was split off, first as Hispania Nova, later renamed "Callaecia" (or Gallaecia, whence modern Galicia). From Diocletian's Tetrarchy (AD 293) onwards, the south of the remainder of Tarraconensis was again split off as Carthaginensis, and all of the mainland Hispanic provinces, along with the Balearic Islands and the North African province of Mauretania Tingitana, were later grouped into a civil diocese headed by a vicarius. The name Hispania was also used in the period of Visigothic rule.

The modern place names Spain and Hispaniola are both derived from Hispania.
1986
Spoetzl Brewery (originally Shiner Brewing Association) is a brewery located in Shiner, Texas, United States. It produces a diverse line of Shiner beers, including their flagship Shiner Bock, a dark lager that is distributed throughout the US.
1970s
A Patek Philippe Grandmaster was sold for a reported 31.19 million USD
Wardell is the first name of Stephen Curry, who is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors. It is knowns as one of the greatest basketball players of all time.
Sogndal is a small city in southwestern Norway with a population of about 12,000
The bristly bellflower (Campanula cervicaria) is native to Scandinavia and Central Europe. You can find it in hillside meadows and woodland edges. It flourishes in places where soil has been upturned.
The president of the United States (POTUS) is the head of state and head of government of the United States of America and the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces. The president is also the head of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States and is the chairman of the presidential cabinet.

Joe Biden is the 46th and current president of the United States, in office since January 2021.
The early idea of mobile phone goes back to the early stages of radio engineering. It was in 1917 that a Finnish inventor Eric Tigerstedt filed a patent for a "pocket-size folding telephone with a very thin carbon microphone". 
No, the real handheld mobile radio telephones were not created or commercialized at that time. It was after World War II that the race to create truly portable telephone devices began with developments taking place in many countries.
1. Pfizer–BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine
2. Nirmatrelvir/ritonavir 
3. Apixaban 
4. Palbociclib
Free climbing is named so because it is performed solely using one's own physical strength, "free" from any support from equipment other than as protection. That is, gear is never used to help a climber actually climb, only to catch them in case they fall.
Some grunge guitarists use loud Marshall or Mesa-Boogie amplifiers.
The gallipoli campaign took place from the 19th of February 1915 to the 9th of January 1916.
Lockheed Martin was the main contractor responsible for the development of the F-22, but Boeing also contributed to some subsystems.
Raul Axente Ciupe is from Romania and played right-back.
Chinese Nationalist and Chinese Communists fought this battle during Chinese Civil War in 1949. Chinese Nationalist won the battle which deterred Chinese Communists from taking over Taiwan, the last stronghold of Chinese Nationalist government fled from mainland in 1949 until today.
Ulaanbaatar is the capital of Mongolia
Linux, computer operating system created in the early 1990s by Finnish software engineer Linus Torvalds and the Free Software Foundation (FSF).

While still a student at the University of Helsinki, Torvalds started developing Linux to create a system similar to MINIX, a UNIX operating system. In 1991 he released version 0.02; Version 1.0 of the Linux kernel, the core of the operating system, was released in 1994. About the same time, American software developer Richard Stallman and the FSF made efforts to create an open-source UNIX-like operating system called GNU. In contrast to Torvalds, Stallman and the FSF started by creating utilities for the operating system first. These utilities were then added to the Linux kernel to create a complete system called GNU/Linux, or, less precisely, just Linux.
Lady Gaga is the professional name for Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta.
Dieveniskes, in Lithuanian literally: Place of gods is a town in the Vilnius County of Lithuania, about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from the Belarusian border in the so-called Dieveniskes appendix. It is surrounded by the Dieveniskes Regional Park.
The Cycle Messenger World Championships
1889
Sasha is a new identity assumed by Becky in order to engineer a "chance" meeting with Chloe's best friend, Livia, at an art event, followed by another run-in at a yoga class. Becky continues to live life as both Becky and Sasha. Sasha infiltrates Chloe's group of close-knit friends and ends up gaining a job outside her genuine work experience. Sasha leads a life that is far more exciting than her life as Becky.
Scarlett Johansson was born November 22, 1984.
Onomatopoeia is a word that phonetically imitates, resembles, or suggests the sound that it describes.
Three (3). 4 - 1 = 3
Shahrukh Khan married Gauri in a traditional Hindu wedding ceremony on 25 October 1991
Brandon Sanderson is an American author who primarily writes high fantasy and science fiction. He is known for creating the Cosmere, a fantasy world in which many of his books are set. Among his notable works Cosmere are The Stormlight Archive and the Mistborn series. Beyond the Cosmere, he is also known for writing YA fiction, such as The Reckoners and Skyward series. Additionally, he is known for popularizing the notions of "hard" and "soft" magic systems in fantasy worlds.
James Stuart Pressdee played both football and cricket. Though he was an inconsistent bowler, he won the South African Cricket Annual Cricketer of the Year award in 1966. Prior to his professional sports career, James won a Welsh youth cap in football in Swansea Town. Jame was born on June 19th, 1933, and he died on July 20th, 2016 at the age of 83.
The Navy Cross is awarded to Sailors and Marines who display heroism in combat with an armed enemy force.
Jakov Milatović was the winner, receiving 29% of the votes in the first round and 60% of the popular vote in the second round.
Chris Kuroda's nickname, CK5, adds the number 5 to his initial. That is because his improvised light shows during Phish concerts give him a role comparable to a fifth member of the band.
$15,000 more than originally planned. The house cost $25,000 but was originally quoted at $10,000. $25,000 - $10,000 = $15,000
No, it did not. The dome only lasted 13 years, but it was designed to last 15-20 years.
Gaya Island has 20km of hiking trails and three 5 star resorts.
The Eurovision Song Contest 1987 took place in Brussels, Belgium and twenty-two countries participated.
Based on this passage, Trey was most likely 19 years old. He was born at the end of September in 1964 so there is a 25% chance that he was 20 years old when he co-founded Phish.
The main story revolves around the protagonist V, as they deal with a mysterious cybernetic implant that threatens to overwrite their body with another person's memories.
The Voyager Golden Records was created by NASA committee and chaired by Carl Sagan launched in 1977 heading to any particular star passing within 1.6 light-years' distance of the star Gliese 445, currently in the constellation Camelopardalis, in about 40,000 years. The contents provided depict diversity of life and culture on Earth through sounds and images.
A total of 9 years in 2 spells between 1940 to 1945 and 1951 to 1955.
Lean is a production method.
Silvio Berlusconi was born on September 29, 1936 and has been in charge as Prime Minister in Italy for a total of 9 years (from 1994 to 1995, 2001 to 2006 and 2008 to 2011). His nickname is Il Cavaliere (The Knight) because he was awarded the Order of Merit for Labour, which is an Italian order of chivalry awarded to those "who have been singularly meritorious" in agriculture, industry and commerce, crafts, lending and insurance.
Artemis launch date is November 2024 as of now but it’s likely to change.
From his marriages he has 5 children from three marriages.
Walmart
The dog (Canis familiaris or Canis lupus familiaris) is a domesticated descendant of the wolf. Also called the domestic dog, it is derived from the extinct Pleistocene wolf, and the modern wolf is the dog's nearest living relative. Dogs were the first species to be domesticated by hunter-gatherers over 15,000 years ago before the development of agriculture. Due to their long association with humans, dogs have expanded to a large number of domestic individuals and gained the ability to thrive on a starch-rich diet that would be inadequate for other canids.
Alexender the Great was king of the ancient kingdom of Macedonia.
The show Billions received a Rotten Tomatoes approval rating of 77% for season 1. The site's critical consensus for the first season reads: "Despite a lack of likable characters, Billions' soapy melodrama and larger-than-life canvas offer plenty of repeat viewing potential". On Metacritic, the first season has a weighted average score of 69 out of 100, based on reviews from 37 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Vegetarianism is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat (red meat, poultry, seafood, insects, and the flesh of any other animal).
No, he was Norwegian.
Lake Michigan is ranked second by volume
2018
Bangalore city is positioned at a 920 mt high altitude from the sea level. Bangalore is nearest to both Arabian Sea & Bay of Bengal. Hence it receives plenty of rainfall & makes the place cooler as compared to rest of the cities in India. Along with this the city is full of big & old trees which adds up to the environment and makes more cooler with greenery.
Mechanical-switch keyboards with "Clicky" switches come with both a bump and an audible click. Without adjusting the material of the plates or case, the way for users to reduce the noise would be to replace the keycaps or applying lubricant to reduce friction inside the switch.
The Stade Louis-ll is located in the Fontvielle district of Monaco.
Theranos partnered with Cleveland Clinic in March 2015 to test its technology and decrease the cost of lab tests. In July 2015, Theranos became the lab-work provider for Pennsylvania insurers AmeriHealth Caritas and Capital Blue Cross.
Surfboards can be made out of a variety of materials, but most surfboards these days are made from a foam core that is coated in a hard exterior
David Houseman received his BA and MA in 1966 from Brandeis University.
The telephone invention is a result of many contributions across the years. The most well-known, Antonio Meucci, Alexander Graham Bell, and Elisha Gray helped provided their knowledge and works to create the telephone as we know it today. Several people claimed credit for this creation but we can easily say that this invention is the fruit of humanity's collaboration to ease communication and get people closer across the globe.
Oyster is the common name for a number of different families of salt-water bivalve molluscs that live in marine or brackish habitats.
Lady Gaga's real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta.
China
Farhad Moshiri's painted jars look like three-dimensional objects bursting with popular drinks, foods, and desserts.
According to this paragraph, the diameter of a 1 F catheter is 1/77mm so the diameter of a 10 F catheter is 10/77mm.
Veganism is the practice of abstaining from the use of animal product
Rockhopper Exploration PLC is in the oil and gas business, headquartered in Salisbury, Wiltshire, United Kingdom.
Hard magic is always strictly constrained by a set of rules which can simulate a more ordered world to the reader, while soft magic if more flexible, has no clearly defined limitations and can be used to imbue a sense of wonder to the reader.
Cisco Systems, Inc. is located in San Jose, California and has nearly 80,000 employees.
BookCorpus.
Salmon hatch in fresh water streams, migrate to the ocean as adults, then return to fresh water to reproduce.
The drawback of this method is that it requires random access in the set.
While many people with Sensory processing disorder can present one or two symptoms, it has to have a clear functional impact on the person's life:
Signs of over-responsivity, including, for example, dislike of textures such as those found in fabrics, foods, grooming products or other materials found in daily living, to which most people would not react, and serious discomfort, sickness or threat induced by normal sounds, lights, ambient temperature, movements, smells, tastes, or even inner sensations such as heartbeat.Signs of under-responsivity, including sluggishness and lack of responsiveness.
Sensory cravings, including, for example, fidgeting, impulsiveness, and/or seeking or making loud, disturbing noises; and sensorimotor-based problems, including slow and uncoordinated movements or poor handwriting.
Gregory David Roberts wrote the novel Shantaram.
Water can precipitate in the form of rain, snow, and hail as well as in the form of fog and dew. Rain is the most common form of precipitation.
The Poison Book Project is a project of the Winterthur Museum, Garden and Library and the University of Delaware to identify and catalog books known to contain poisonous substances, particularly arsenic in Paris green pigments.
Founder An Wang forced his experienced son Fred Wang was going to lead the company after his death.
43.75%
Neonatology is a subspecialty of pediatrics, which is typically practiced in a hospital's Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, often referred to as a NICU.
Mozart contributed more than 800 pieces of music that are known for melodic beauty, elegance and richness.
Approximately 3.5 million enslaved African Americans were freed by the Emancipation Proclamation.
Laskowice is a village in north-central Poland
Matthew McConaughey turned down the role of Joel which was also reportedly offered to and turned down by Mahershala Ali afterwards. Maisie Williams and Kaitlyn Dever were considered for the role of Ellie but aged out of consideration by the time of production.
House of Love is a song by Australian duo Vika and Linda. It was released as the second single from her debut studio album Vika and Linda (1994). It peaked at number 98 in Australia and 32 in New Zealand.
Sara Khan played the lead role in the film Tujhse He Raabta.
None. 1991 was their first national championship in school history so there weren't any prior national championships for Youngstown State Penguins football team.
No
The golden-green woodpecker weighs between 55 and 91 grams and is between 18 and 27 centimeters long.
New York City
There are 48 trains between Leeuwarden and Zwolle per day. The trains from Leeuwarden to Rotterdam travel once an hour, and the trains from Leeuwarden to Den Haag travel once an hour. Since there are 24 hours in a day, and two routes, the total number of daily trains between Leeuwarden and Zwolle per day is 48. If the train service shuts down at night, as is common, there may be fewer than 48 trains between Leeuwarden and Zwolle per day. However, that information is not included in the provided table.
Clarence Albert Pierce, Jr. was born on October 1, 1928 and attended the University of Mississippi.
It is estimated that 69 percent of freshwater is stored in glaciers and permanent snow cover, 30 percent in groundwater, and the remaining 1 percent is stored in lakes, rivers, the atmosphere, and biota.
Barcelona played Sevilla in the 2015 UEFA Super Cup. Barcelona won 5-4 after extra time.
Arthur Hoerl
The Cambridge Zero is initiative is led by Dr. Emily Shuckburgh, she is a climate scientist, mathematician, and science communicator.
Hibiki Whisky is a premium blended whisky produced in Japan by Beam Suntory, a subsidiary of Suntory Beverage & Food Ltd / Suntory Holdings of Osaka, Japan.
Santa Barbara is referred to as The American Riviera because of it's temperate climate and south-facing orientation to the coastline.
Francisco Franco ruled Spain from 1935 until he died in 1975.
Correct, The Alliance of Bakongo, or ABAKO, is no longer a political party.
For many years hydrogen has been stored as compressed gas or cryogenic liquid.
The University of Connecticut Huskies
Mao Zedong is the first chairman of the People's Republic of China, he is also known as Chairman Mao, was a Chinese communist revolutionary and the founder of the People's Republic of China. He served as the chairman of the Chinese Communist Party from the establishment of the PRC in 1949 until his death in 1976
The Bakersfield Majestics played its games at Rabobank Arena until 2009 and then the Jam Events Center in Bakersfield, California.
Cato felt that Carthage had bounced back too quickly from its defeats in the first two Punic wars, and would have remembered the disastrous defeat at Cannae. He thought that only completely destroying Carthage would remove it as a threat to Rome.
Papaya
I can only tell you what it was in 2006, because this is when the survey data provided is from. The average number of people per family at that time is the population divided by the number of families, or 153 / 34.
Ramadan is the holy month of fasting observed by Muslims yearly all over the world.During this month Muslims abstain from food from dawn till dusk for 29 days. Ramadan is also one of the key pillars of Islam.
Mark Arminski is an American rock concert poster artist.  He finished his formal education studying computer generated art.
1967
Ron Rivest is a cryptographer and computer science professor at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). He is most well known as the inventor of the RSA public key cryptosystem (with Adi Shamir and Len Adleman). Rivest is also known as the inventor of the RC4 stream cipher and MD5 hash function.
Davos is a very scenic town in the Swiss Alps. Famous for winter sports like skiing, cross-country skiing, sledding, ice hockey and ice skating and also for the World Economic Forum that take place annually.
The cheeseburger was invented after the late 19th century after the vast grasslands of the Great Plains opened up for cattle ranching. Once this happened Americans consumed meat daily of which ground beef/hamburger meat was the most affordable.  In 1920, adding cheese to the hamburger meat popular.  It is said that Lionel Sternberger invented the cheeseburger in 1924 while working at his father's sandwich shop.
In mathematics,  gradient descent (also often called steepest descent) is a first-order iterative optimization algorithm for finding a local minimum of a differentiable function. Gradient descent is generally attributed to Augustin-Louis Cauchy, who first suggested it in 1847
Paleontology differs from archaeology in that archaeology includes the study of anatomically modern humans whereas paleontology does not.
No, it contains covers from the 1950s and 1960s, with only one original song.
A diploma testifies the recipient has graduated by successfully completing their courses of studies.
freeCodeCamp is a non-profit organization that has tutorials that introduce students to HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Pickleball was created in 1965 on Bainbridge Island, Washington.
Squishmallows are a highly demanded toy and also often are sold as limited edition items. As a result, Squishmallows that are more unique and rare can often be sold or higher value later. One example is Jack the Black Cat which has been listed on eBay for nearly $2,000.
The name comes from the arabic meaning the mountain of Tarik
Magnetism is defined as the physical attributes that are mediated by a magnetic field, which is the capacity to induce attractive and repulsive forces. Magnetic materials are classified by their bulk susceptibility.
Based on the paragraph, a cluster manager and a distributed storage are two main components of Apache Spark. For cluster manager, Spark supports a standalone cluster,  or  Hadoop YARN, Apache Mesos, or Kubernetes. For storage, Spark supports local file systems for development and testing, as well as Hadoop File System, Cassandra, and cloud storages
Andre Weiss was at the University of Dijon in Paris for 10 years, 1881 to 1891, before moving to the University of Paris Law School.
It seems from the text that Fred Allison tried to escape one time.

The prisoners made an impromptu unsuccessful dash for freedom when a fellow inmate shot a guard. We don't know for sure, but we can assume that Fred Allison was one of the prisoners that attempted to escape. Dig, Allison's oldest and best friend, managed to break free by stealing an aircraft from a nearby airfield, but it does not appear that Allison was involved.
Yes, Campanula cervicaria, also known as the bristly bellflower, is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family, Campanulaceae. It is Native to Scandinavia and central Europe, it has also become naturalised in parts of the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Mt. Shakespere is 12,174 feet (3,711 meters) tall.
Westpac and Bank of New South Wales had their headquarters at 341 George Street, Sydney.
Modern day triathlon is believed to have occurred in 1974 when founded by two members of the San Diego track club, Don Shanahan and Jack Johnstone. Although the pair reportedly founded the sport, it's important to understand not everything is created and owned by americans. The sport can be traced back to france in 1901, originally called "Le Trois Sports", which included Bike, Run and Canoe disciplines. Other forms of multisport had occurred before 1974 including biathlon which included a run of 7.2km followed by a swim of 0.4km) but Nonetheless, on the 25th September 1974, triathlon mission bay in San Diego, California was born.
Warren Edward Buffett is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is currently the chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway. He is one of the best-known fundamental investors in the world as a result of his immense investment success possessing a net worth of $104 billion as of March 2023, making him the fifth-richest person in the world.

Buffett was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He developed an interest in business and investing during his youth, eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring to and graduating from the University of Nebraska at 19. He went on to graduate from Columbia Business School, where he molded his investment philosophy around the concept of value investing pioneered by Benjamin Graham. He attended New York Institute of Finance to focus on his economics background and soon after began various investment business partnerships, including one with Graham. He created Buffett Partnership, Ltd in 1956 and his investment firm eventually acquired a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway, assuming its name to create a diversified holding company, and later as the company's chairman and majority shareholder in 1970. In 1978, Charlie Munger joined Buffett as vice-chairman.

Since 1970, Buffett has presided as the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway, one of America's largest holding companies and world's leading corporate conglomerates.

Buffett is also a noted philanthropist, having pledged to give away 99 percent of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. He founded The Giving Pledge in 2010 with Bill Gates, whereby billionaires pledge to give away at least half of their fortunes.
Oak Island is rumored to have Captain Kidd's treasure buried. However despite numerous excavation attempts over the past 100 years nothing has been discovered. There are other theories which claim religious artifacts, manuscripts, or Marie Antionette's jewels are hidden at Oak Island.
In August 2017, Dara Khosrowshahi replaced Travis Kalanick as the CEO of Uber.
Africa
Caribbean and Central American Action was a non-profit organization which has hosted the annual Miami Conference on the Caribbean & Central America for 33 years.

The organization has a multinational Board of Trustees, currently headed by Cornelius B. Prior, Jr., and is based in Washington, DC.

Among the public figures speaking at the 33rd conference, held in 2009 in Miami, were the Prime Minister of Haiti, Jean-Max Bellerive, Canada's Minister of State of Foreign Affairs, Peter Kent and Puerto Rico's Secretary of State, Kenneth McClintock. The organization's policy-oriented programs have focused on tourism, financial services, policy and regulatory environments for business in the Americas, energy security, maritime port security, disaster mitigation, customs, telecommunications, intellectual property rights, information technology, agriculture and telecommunications. Cabinet-level officials have represented the United States at prior conferences.

The organization has closed.
Seville's average temperature is 19.2 °C (67 °F).

The average temperature during the day is 25.4 °C (78 °F) and the average temperature at night is 13.0 °C (55 °F).
Unione Sportiva Sassuolo Calcio, commonly referred to as Sassuolo is an Italian football club based in Sassuolo, Emilia-Romagna. Their colours are black and green, hence the nickname Neroverdi (literally "black and green", in Italian).

Sassuolo have played in Serie A since the 2013–14 season, joining a select group of teams playing in the Serie A but not belonging to a provincial capital city: U.S. Savoia 1908 (Torre Annunziata), Empoli, Legnano, Pro Patria (Busto Arsizio), Carpi and Casale.
In his NBA debut in the Warriors' season opener on October 31, 2012, against the Phoenix Suns, Green played one minute. Green gradually received more playing time in subsequent games, especially in the wake of injuries to Brandon Rush and Richard Jefferson. After getting only marginal floor time at the beginning of the season, by November 22, 2012, Green was playing 15–20 minutes per game.

It is not clear how Green's minutes increased over time beyond November 22, 2012 based on the provided text.
Edgar Allen Poe lived in 13 West Range on The Lawn at the University of Virginia.
Quah Jing Wen is specialized on individual medley, butterfly and freestyle events.
Larry and Jerry are surprised that the "a show about nothing" phrase caught on as a way that people describe the show, and they are not fond of that description of the show.

Larry David commented, "...the show’s really about something. The whole thing about the show being about nothing is ridiculous". Larry states that the show is about "taking the worst qualities that a person has and trying to make something funny out of it". Jerry mentioned that the show was about "how a comedian gets his material".
As of March 2023, there have been 3 seasons of Ted Lasso.
Hither Green Sidings
The Ballad of Baby Doe (1956) as it has remained well known into the 21st century.
Bill Gates is an American business mogul and co-founder of Microsoft.
The action of 12 December 1782 was a naval engagement fought off the coast of Spain near Ferrol, in which the British 40-gun fifth rate HMS Mediator successfully attacked a convoy of five armed ships. 

Mediator succeeded in capturing one American privateer, the Alexander, and then captured the French ex-ship of the line La Menagere. The convoy was part of Pierre Beaumarchais's supply chain to the American colonists.
Anne Zohra Berrached was born and raised in GDR (German Democratic Republic)
Alibaba is one of the world's largest retailers and e-commerce companies. It consists of many business including B2B (Alibaba.com), C2C (Taobao) and B2C (Tmall). Alibaba is also one of the largest financial companies and AI companies.
grep is a popular Unix command that is used to search plain-text data sets for lines that match a pattern or regular expression. grep (global regular expression print) was originally developed for the Unix operating system, but later available for all Unix-like systems.

An example of using the grep command to search for a keyword in a file: grep keyword file.txt

You can pipe the output of other commands into grep. For example, grep can be used to search a directory for a file: ls ~/Desktop | grep keyword
Toto may refer to many things but a popular reference is to a small dog in the movie The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900). Toto belongs to Dorothy Gale, the heroine, and plays a key role at several points in the movie including running away (which causes Dorothy to chase after him and get pulled into the story) and pulling the curtain back to reveal that the Wizard is just an old man.
The current men's world record in the marathon is held by Eliud Kipchoge, who ran the Berlin Marathon on September 25th 2022 with a time of 2 hours 1 minute and 09 seconds.
Austen Hurgon directed 5 movies before My Mimosa Maid: Miss Wingrove, The White Chrysanthemum, The Girl Behind the Counter, and Miss Hook of Holland, and The Three Kisses.
The syndrome was named after the Austrian pediatrician Hans Asperger, who, in 1944, described children in his care who struggled to form friendships, did not understand others' gestures or feelings, engaged in one-sided conversations about their favourite interests, and were clumsy.
The Central Otago wine region is broken into multiple sub-regions: Bannockburn, Bendigo, Bendigo and Wānaka
This film was directed by Ang Lee and stars Chow Yun-fat, Michelle Yeoh, Zhang Ziyi, and Chang Chen. In the 73rd Academy Awards in 2001, it won Best Foreign Language Film, Best Art Direction, Best Original Score, and Best Cinematography.
The Jamnalal Bajaj Institute in Mumbai
The FOTON-M3 mission in September of 2007 is where Tardigrades were exposed to the hard vacuum of outer space for the first time.
A herbivore is an animal anatomically and physiologically adapted to eating plant material, for example foliage or marine algae, for the main component of its diet.
The Viking program, established by NASA in the 1960s to 1970s, was the first US mission with the goal to land on Mars and search for metabolic signs of present life.
Vinyl was introduced by Columbia in 1948
Henry Ford founded Ford Motor Company (aka Ford) in on June 16, 1903 in Dearborn Michigan.
Coach production was halted in 1939 due to world war outbreak. The factory was turned into munitions factory.
The Australian Open is an annual tennis tournament held at Melbourne Park in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is one of the four Grand Slam tennis events, alongside the French Open, Wimbledon and the US Open.
Many experts agree William Shakespeare is the most important author in the English language.  Although, this is a hotly debated topic, he is still the best known from the Elizabethan period.  He has written many plays.  His most famous tragedy is Hamlet.  He also wrote much poetry in the form of Sonnets.  Arguably, the most interesting sonnet by William Shakespeare is Sonnet 95.
Elie Weisel's listed professions were: writer, professor, and political activist.
The word "aurora" is derived from the name of the Roman goddess of the dawn,
The area that became Roche Percee was impacted by trains when the Soo Line connected the village to a train line. This train line allowed for coal mining in the region to develop by providing access for transporting coal. After the development of these coal mines, the area was eventually able to grow enough to become incorporated as a village.
Vedas are a religious texts from ancient India written in Sanskrit. There are primarily 4 vedas - Rigveda, Yajurveda, Samaveda and Atharvaveda.
Thierry Henry, born in 1977, who played professionally between 1994 and 2012, is considered one of the best strikers of all time. He won the FIFA World Cup with France in 1998, the European Cup in 2000 and the Confederations Cup in 2003. Henry turned coach after ending his professional career in 2012.
Gull Harbour, that has been formerly named as States Harbour or Great Harbour is the 1.3 km wide bay indenting for 2.8 km the east coast of Weddell Island in the Falkland Islands.

It is entered north of Gull Point and south of Mark Point, and is centred at 51°53′56″S 60°53′20″W. The principal settlement of the island, Weddell Settlement, is situated at the head of the bay. Until the mid-nineteenth century Gull Harbour was known as Great Harbour.
2022
Magic Mushrooms are the colloquial term for Psilocybin mushrooms
LeBron James announced his move from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Miami Heat in a television special called "The Decision" that was televised nationally.
Jeffrey Preston Bezos, born January 12, 1964, is an American entrepreneur, media proprietor, investor, and commercial astronaut. He is the founder, executive chairman, and former president and CEO of Amazon. With a net worth of US$121 billion as of March 2023, Bezos is the third-wealthiest person in the world and was the wealthiest from 2017 to 2021, according to both Bloomberg's Billionaires Index and Forbes.

Born in Albuquerque and raised in Houston and Miami, Bezos graduated from Princeton University in 1986. He holds a degree in electrical engineering and computer science. He worked on Wall Street in a variety of related fields from 1986 to early 1994. Bezos founded Amazon in late 1994 on a road trip from New York City to Seattle. The company began as an online bookstore and has since expanded to a variety of other e-commerce products and services, including video and audio streaming, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. It is the world's largest online sales company, the largest Internet company by revenue, and the largest provider of virtual assistants and cloud infrastructure services through its Amazon Web Services branch.
Regalado said that Jiankui was making CRIPSR babies.
The Golden Raspberry Awards, also known as the Razzies, is a parody award show. They celebrate the failures in cinema. Their tagline is "Own Your Bad" and often celebrities that are nominated for a Razzie take it in jest. Sometimes the roles or categories a movie is nominated in the Razzies are also nominated for Oscars or other acclaimed awards. The Happytime Murders film, however, was only nominated for parody awards such as the Razzies.
Laptops are called "laptop" because the computer can be practically placed on the user's lap .
Contrast bathing can be used to reduce swelling around injuries or to aid recovery from exercise.
Selena Gomez was named after Selena Quintanilla, a Tejano singer.
Mickey Mouse is an animated cartoon character co-created in 1928 by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks. The longtime mascot of The Walt Disney Company, Mickey is an anthropomorphic mouse who typically wears red shorts, large yellow shoes, and white gloves. Taking inspiration from silent film personalities such as Charlie Chaplin's Tramp, Mickey is traditionally characterized as a sympathetic underdog who gets by on pluck and ingenuity. Mickey is one of the world's most recognizable and universally acclaimed fictional characters of all time. Mickey generally appears alongside his girlfriend Minnie Mouse, his pet dog Pluto, and his friends Donald Duck and Goofy.
Designated special forces are normally kept at the highest state of readiness for combat.
An ice-pop is a frozen dessert. It is served on a stick, and is made from sweetened liquid that frozen as a block of ice.
Carol (sometimes Carole and other variations) is used a female name for Carl or Karl.
Jordan Akins retired baseball after the 2013 season and returned to play football at UCF.
Anne Elizabeth Howells parents are Trevor and Mona Howells. She died from myeloma.
Enoch "Nucky" Thompson
Indian National Congress
American president Franklin D Roosevelt
Long short-term memory  is used for handwriting recognition,  speech recognition, machine translation, speech activity detection, robot control, video games and healthcare.
The Dormouse is a character in the novel "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".
Bomba Estéreo made the album Amanecer. The album includes the viral song "Soy Yo".
Drangajökull is located in Iceland in the Westfjords region.
The distance of the Olympic marathon in 1924 would have been 42.195 kilometers, since this is the standard distance set by the IAAF in 1921.
Adult female bull sharks average 8 feet long.
Sean Dunphy is buried at Greenogue cemetery in Ashbourne, County Meath.
Heat shock proteins (HSP) are a family of proteins produced by cells in response to exposure to stressful conditions.
Programmers can connect to Twitter when building custom applications by using Twitter APIs.
James S. Wall had six children.
The iPhone did away with physical keyboards and instead introduced a multi-touch screen which didn't require a stylus. The iPhone software, iOS, was developed to take advantage of all hardware and design capabilities of the phone, including the touchscreen. Each application presented its customized input options on the touch screen. In addition, the iOS was flexible and expandable through the App Store, giving the iPhone  user a wide choice of third-party apps which were not known before. iPhone hardware quality was also a nice surprise to the users.
Hanlon's razor became well-known after its inclusion in the Jargon File, a glossary of computer programmer slang, since 1990.
Cricket is a bat and ball game, invented in England. The earliest reference to cricket is in South East England in the mid-16th century. It spread globally with the expansion of the British Empire, with the first international matches in the second half of the 19th century. The game's governing body is the International Cricket Council (ICC), which has over 100 members, twelve of which are full members who play Test matches. The game's rules, the Laws of Cricket, are maintained by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in London. The sport is followed primarily in South Asia, Australasia, the United Kingdom, Southern Africa and the West Indies. There are 3 main forms/editions of Cricket: Test matches (usually lasting 5 days), ODI (one day international) usually lasting 6-8 hours, and more recent and popular T20 usually lasting 3-4 hours.
Jimmy Carter received his Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Naval Academy in 1947. However, he began his undergraduate studies at Georgia Southwestern College. A year later, he transferred to the Georgia Institute of Technology before ultimately earning his admission into the Naval Academy where he would complete his studies.
Mount Everest
Bully premiered on September 24, 2017 and was about a young man who commits suicide after being bullied in school because others thought he was gay.
Unrealistic expectations, a lack of funding, the challenge of producing significant results, and the discovery of a number of fundamental limitations that AI scientists could not overcome in the 1970s all contributed to the decline of AI research in that decade
Museo Municipal Taurino Francisco Montes is located in Chiclana de la Frontera, in the province of Cádiz, Andalusia, southwestern Spain.
World No-Gi Championship and Pan Jiu-Jitsu Championship are two tournaments organized by the IBJJF. They follow the ruleset of the CBJJ.
Three prototypes were made and improved over one year.
2 years, between 1995 to 1997.
The Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 or IGFBP-3 was first isolated, characterized, and quantitated in human plasma, in 1986.
As of 2023 the SR-71 is the fastest air-breathing manned aircraft. It can reach a maximum speed of Mach 3.3
No, it is made of wood.
The Buccaneers have won two Super Bowl championships.
Taylor Swift's 1989 album was her first pop album, helping change her image from a country star.
The Minister for Food, Agriculture and Fisheries of Denmark position was created in 1896 and was originally named the Ministry of Agriculture.
Around 2018.
- Assorted Gems
- Heartless City
Will Ferrell kickstarted his career on the NBC sketch comedy series "Saturday Night Live". He is considered part of the "Frat Pack", and has received three Golden Globe Award nominations.
Pablo Escobar had an estimated net worth of $30B when he died in 1993.
Hot pot or Hotpot is originated from China.
Cy Young grew up in a farming family, did not have any older siblings (he was the oldest of five children) and he lives primarily in Ohio but also spent two years in Nebraska as a child.
The highest point in the Iberian Peninsula is Mulhacen, located within the Penibaetic System. Its altitude is 3,478 m, or 11,411 ft
The coldest month in Warsaw is January. On average, the temperature then is −1.5 °C, which is 29 °F.
Military dictatorships were accepted as a means to maintain order in face of increasingly frequent and severe violence.
Parkrun is a community event that takes place each Saturday morning where entrants walk, jog, or run a 5-kilometre course. Events take place at a range of general locations including parks, forests, rivers, lakes, beaches, and nature reserves. The first ever parkrun event took place on 2 October 2004 in Bushy Park, London involving 13 runners. Today more than 3 million people across more than 2,000 locations in 22 countries participate in parkrun each week. Parkrun events are free to enter and are delivered by volunteers.
Bézier curves can be used in robotics to produce trajectories of an end-effector due to the virtue of the control polygon’s ability to give a clear indication of whether the path is colliding with any nearby obstacle or object.
Kennebunkport is located in York County, Maine and is neighbored by the towns of Kennebunk and Arundel.
Ski-U-Mah was the college humor magazine for University of Minnesota. Shulman wrote pieces for Ski-U-Mah humorously exaggerating campus culture.

It is not clear from the text what else was written in Ski-U-Mah, but presumably there were other humorous pieces written about topics relating to University of Minnesota.
The Soviet Union and the United States.
The descendants of William Sidney Covington
Some examples of physical benefits from strength training include improve posture, better joint support, and reduced risk of injury from everyday activities. In addition, strength training exercises have also been shown to help prevent osteoporosis and improve overall bone strength.
Dagenham
"It's a Great Day to Be Alive" is a song written by Darrell Scott which was released in December 2000.
Kubernetes was originally based on Google's Borg cluster manager tool.
2007.  Started in May 2007 and lasted 6 months.  Which would have been November 2007.
The Boeing F-15EX Eagle II is not expected to survive against modern air defenses by 2028.  Due to the long time horizon for military hardware acquisition this does not make this aircraft suitable for many offensive war fighting missions over the coming years.
The Wimbledon Championships is the oldest tennis tournament in the world. Commonly referred to as Wimbledon, it is one of the four Gran Slam tennis tournaments, alongside the Australian Open, the French Open, and the US Open.
The daily recommended amount of magnesium for men in the UK is 300 mg.
The paragraph discussed racial manipulation in the 19th to 20th centuries. It considers Europeans to be discriminative against people from the Middle East, Asia and North Africa, and uses artist expressions to communicate and manipulate these prejudice to their general population.
The UDEF is a framework for categorizing, naming, and indexing data.
No. Flashcards are useful for learning things based on memorization via a question-and-answer format. Painting is a creative activity. It's unlikely to be learned by memorization of existing materials. Therefore, flashcard won't be useful for learning
The first skyscraper was the Home Insurance Building in Chicago. It was build in 1885.
The masked cultists attacked the Nora when Aloy won the proving competition. Their leader was named Helis. The cultists were part of a splinter Carja faction called the Eclipse and wanted to kill Aloy due to her resemblance to an Old World scientist named Elisabet Sobeck.
There was a famous Swedish DJ called Avicii and there is Avici that is one of the hells (naraka) in Hinduism and Buddhism. In Hinduism, it is one of the twenty-eight hells located in the kingdom of Yama, where individuals are reborn for bearing false witness and outright lying while transacting business or giving charity.

In Buddhism, it is the lowest level of the Naraka or "hell" realm, with the most suffering, into which the dead who have committed grave misdeeds may be reborn. It is said to be a cube 20,000 yojanas (240,000 to 300,000 kilometers) on each side, buried deep underneath the divine (nonvisible) earth. Avici is often translated into English as "interminable" or "incessant", referring to suffering without periods of respite, although it is believed to be ultimately impermanent.
Eyes are categorized into two types, "simple eyes" and "compound eyes". In this case, "simple eyes" do not mean that they have reduced complexity or acuity, but rather that they have one concave photoreceptive surface. This is in contrast to "compound eyes" which are comprised of a number of individual lenses on a convex surface. In other words, eyes fall into two groups based on their photoreceptor's cellular construction either being cilliated (as in the vertebrates) or rhabdomeric.
Male adult bull sharks average 2.25 meters in length.
The show title would be Adventure Time with Pee-Wee Herman.
Lemonade is typically made with sugar, lemons and water. The Indian version, commonly known as nimbu paani, is made a bit differently.

Ingredients
- 1 lime's juice
- 2 teaspoons granulated sugar
- 1 teaspoons black salt 
- 1 teaspoon cumin powder (optional) 
- Ice (optional and as needed)
- 1 cup water or sparking water or soda water

Mix ingredient together and stir for 10-15 seconds in a glass

Some tips
- If you don't have granulated sugar, you can use simple syrup
- You may add some crushed mint leaves
In 1988, according to this text Alain Prost was McLaren's number one driver
Day for Night is the Tragically Hip's 4th studio album released in 1994
No, it is only open for a few months of the year.
MBB is in reference to the "Big Three" management consultancies. From the passage, it isn't clear exactly what it stands for, but McKinsey is included in MBB as it is the oldest and largest of the group.
Kubernetes originates from the Greek word for Helmsman.
The conditions in the cave are not hospitable, extreme heat and humidity, sharp slippery crystals are lethal for humans.
The Kaziranga Elephant Festival is organized by the Forest and Tourism Departments of Assam.
20 percent. 200 / 1000 = 20%
No.  Jeeps only.
In the episode "Ghouli", Fox Mulder and Dana Scully investigate a pair of teenage girls that attack one another believing the other is a monster.
Hyderabad
Sinigang is a popular dish in the Philippines characterized by its sour, tangy, and savory taste. Tamarind is the most common souring agent used, but other sour fruits may be used as well. Various types of protein can be used in this soup dish, ranging from pork belly, shrimp, fish, and beef.
Constance Bonacieux
The minimum number of points needed to win a match of badminton is 42. In such a match only 2 games are played with the winning player scoring 21 points in each of them.
Trust is the willingness of the trustor to become vulnerable to the trustee on the presumption that the trustee will act in ways that benefit the trustor
Yes, I have. Yandovy or Яндовы is a rural locality (a village) in Mstyora Urban Settlement, Vyaznikovsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population of this village was one as of 2010.
It is located 16 km northwest of Vyazniki (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kostenevo is the nearest rural locality.
The Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland fought dozens of battles with each other. They fought typically over land, and the Anglo-Scottish border frequently changed as a result. Prior to the establishment of the two kingdoms, in the 10th and 9th centuries, their predecessors, the Northumbrians, Picts and Dal Riatans, also fought a number of battles. Major conflicts between the two parties include the Wars of Scottish Independence (1296–1357), and the Rough Wooing (1544–1551), as well as numerous smaller campaigns and individual confrontations. In 1603, England and Scotland were joined in a "personal union" when King James VI of Scotland succeeded to the throne of England as King James I. War between the two states largely ceased, although the Wars of the Three Kingdoms in the 17th century, and the Jacobite risings of the 18th century, are sometimes characterised as Anglo-Scottish conflicts.
The Derby Museum and Art Gallery was established in 1879 and includes a gallery with many paintings by Joseph Wright of Derby and other displays with archaeology, natural history, geology, military collections, and world cultures.
Touch typing refers to typing without using the sense of sight to find the keys
Larry Bird was born in French Lick. He played and coached basketball for a living, and his main rival was Magic Johnson.
The three components of the Build Back Better plan are:
- American Rescue Plan
- American Jobs Plan
- American Families Plan
The monarch of Britain, King George III
Born this Way (2011)
Sahara experienced a period of rapid desertification due to a tilt in the earth's orbit.
January 26
While Latin American authors are most closely associated with magical realism, there are many others who adopt this style. Notable ones include Salman Rushdie, Neil Gaiman, Haruki Murakami and Olga Tokarczuk.
The black Swan Theory was developed by Nassim Nicholas Taleb in 2001.
The Battle of Thermopylae was fought in 480 BC. The battle was fought between the Persian Empire, led by Xerxes I, and a combination of allied Greek city-states led by Leonidas I of Sparta. There were approximately 7,000 Greek men led by Leonidas I and an estimated 120,000 - 300,000 Persian soldiers led by Xerxes I. The Persian army was able to outflank the Greek army because a local person named Ephialtes informed the Persians that there was an unguarded path that lead behind the Greek lines. The Greek army made one final stand but ultimately were unsuccessful and were over taken by the Persian army.
There are about 220 known stingray species organized into 29 genera.
The earliest publication containing statistics is Natural and Political Observations upon the Bills or Mortality by John Graunt.
DE Route 16 changes 3 times between divided and undivided highways per the information provided.
Captain Ginyu switches bodies 4 times in the Dragon Ball series. Captain Ginyu first switched bodies with Goku and back. Then Captain Ginyu switched bodies a Namekian frog, then in Dragon Ball Super, he switched bodies with one of Frieza's soldiers named Tagoma, and is promptly killed by Vegeta.
The University of Edinburgh is based out of Edinburgh, Scotland founded by the royal charter of King James the 6th in 1582, officially opening for students in 1583. The University of Edinburgh is famous for being the sixth oldest University in the English-speaking world and the seventh largest by enrollment in the United Kingdom where Scotland resides today. A top public research university often nicknamed the "Athens of the North" whose famous alumni were pivotal in contributing to the Scottish Enlightenment, the University of Edinburgh is known as one of the top-ranked universities in the United Kingdom. With such esteemed alumni as Alexander Graham Bell, Charles Darwin, and David Hume not to mention famous authors such as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and J.K. Rowling, and even several heads of state in three British Prime Ministers.
Donald's grandfather was a body guard for Duke Wellington.
Fernando Poe Jr. won the best actor award at the 35th Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences Awards Night.
Inductee as a solo artist into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame; 
Ranking 2nd in Rolling Stone Magazine's  list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time;" Ranking 4th in Gibson's Top 50 Guitarists of All Time
Auguste’s marriage was severely deteriorated and she had debt problems.
Yes, the Grateful Dead played a 1 hour and 35 minute set on Saturday, August 16 1969, that ended after a fifty-minute version of "Turn On Your Love Light".
Although the cause of multiple myeloma is not known, risk factors for developing the disease are obesity, radiation exposure, family history, and exposure to certain chemicals.
Mario Garriba directed On the Point of Death which stars his brother Fabio in a leading role.
The boat is powered by a 160-horsepower 1940 Fairbanks-Morse 35E10 direct reversing diesel engine.
3 seasons
Knebworth Park
The Killing Jar won 3 awards and they were awarded in 2006
Cisco acquired Sourcefire for $2.7B.
The "3 R's" historians refer to are the following:
- Relief for the unemployed and for the poor
- Recovery of the economy back to normal levels
- Reform of the financial system to prevent a repeat depression
Louis Pasteur had 5 children, 2 of which died from Typhoid fever
Outclaut painted electric light displays for Edison Laboratories for the 1888 Centennial Exposition of the Ohio Valley and Middle Atlantic States in Cincinnati.
James Frederick Moriarty received four awards of the Silver Star
On November 15, 2021, Cade Cunningham became the youngest player in NBA history to tally at least 25 points, eight rebounds, and eight assists with five three-pointers in a game at 20 years, 51 days. He topped LeBron James (20 years, 100 days) and Trae Young (20 years, 163 days). On November 21, 2021, he notched a triple-double with 13 points, 12 rebounds, and 10 assists in a 121—116 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers to become the eighth-youngest player in NBA history to record a triple-double and the youngest in Pistons history.
The principal objective of the batting team in the sport of baseball is to have a player reach first base safely; this generally occurs either when the batter hits the ball and reaches first base before an opponent retrieves the ball and touches the base, or when the pitcher persists in throwing the ball out of the batter's reach. Players on the batting team who reach first base without being called "out" can attempt to advance to subsequent bases as a runner, either immediately or during teammates' turns batting. The fielding team tries to prevent runs by getting batters or runners "out", which forces them out of the field of play. The pitcher can get the batter out by throwing three pitches which result in strikes, while fielders can get the batter out by catching a batted ball before it touches the ground, and can get a runner out by tagging them with the ball while the runner is not touching a base.
The name Pinot Noir is derived from the French words for pine and black.
King Kashyapa developed Sigiriya city and fortress.
The Osterville Baptist Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The church's original steeple had to be replaced because it was damaged during a hurricane in 1945.
Rorion Gracie is the co-creator. The first event was held in Denver. Colorado.
The two discontinuous interstates were the I-95 and the I-70. The I-95 was discontinuous up until September 22, 2018 when the construction of the Pennsylvania Turnpike/Interstate was completed. The I-70, however, remains discontinuous.
The Platylesches robustus is a butterfly and it can be found in five different countries.
Asta countered the Spade Kingdom's commandor's poison attack with the demon destroyer sword, then cut the attacking citadel in half, defeating the captain in a single blow.
David Fincher has begun development on a prequel to the 1974 film Chinatown.  It has also been reported that he will direct an adaptation of the graphic novel The Killer.
The oldest oak trees reside in the Cerro Arenal Natural Reserve, which was officially declared a protected area on November 4, 1991.
8 percent
Easter eggs, also called Paschal eggs, are eggs that are decorated for the Christian feast of Easter, which celebrates the resurrection of Jesus. As such, Easter eggs are common during the season of Eastertide (Easter season). The oldest tradition, which continues to be used in Central and Eastern Europe, is to use dyed and painted chicken eggs.

Although eggs, in general, were a traditional symbol of fertility and rebirth, in Christianity, for the celebration of Eastertide, Easter eggs symbolize the empty tomb of Jesus, from which Jesus was resurrected. In addition, one ancient tradition was the staining of Easter eggs with the colour red "in memory of the blood of Christ, shed as at that time of his crucifixion."

This custom of the Easter egg, according to many sources, can be traced to early Christians of Mesopotamia, and from there it spread into Eastern Europe and Siberia through the Orthodox Churches, and later into Europe through the Catholic and Protestant Churches. Mediaevalist scholars normally conclude that the custom of Easter eggs has its roots in the prohibition of eggs during Lent after which, on Easter, they have been blessed for the occasion.

A modern custom in some places is to substitute chocolate eggs wrapped in coloured foil, hand-carved wooden eggs, or plastic eggs filled with confectionery such as chocolate.
In Database, a materialized view (MV) is a database object that stores the results of a query. It can be a copy of data from a remote location, a subset of rows and/or columns from a table or join result, or a summary using an aggregate function. MV is normally used for frequent queries of based tables.
Based on the provided information, Howe retired two times.

Howe retired for the first time in 1971, but then later joined his sons Mark and Marty on the Houston Aeros of the WHA. Howe would then return to the NHL in 1979 where he played one season before retiring for a second time.
The first novel in the Harry Bosch series  by Michael Connelly was The Black Echo, published in 1992.
Tom Cruise was born on July 3rd, 1962. He is famous for being an American actor and producer and winning three golden globes.
The Arab Spring began in Tunisia in response to corruption and economic stagnation. From Tunisia, the protests then spread to five other countries: Libya, Egypt, Yemen, Syria and Bahrain.
E is for energy, m is for mass, and c² is for the speed of light squared
The reasons homeless people not from San Francisco went to San Francisco include:
1. Seeking a job
2. LGBTQ acceptance
3. Accessing homeless services
4. Was visiting and decided to stay
5. Family or friends live in San Francisco
6. Accessing VA services or clinic
Lady Gaga was born at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan, New York City. From age 11 Lady Gaga attended  Convent of Sacred Heart, an all-girls Roman Catholic school. In high school she considered herself a misfit.
The 20th century
The main component of ironsand is magnetite, which has chemical formula Fe3O4. Because Fe is the chemical symbol for iron and it is followed by a 3 in this formula, there are 3 iron atoms per magnetite molecule.
From Vanguard's list of "core funds," the funds that are best for a three-fund portfolio are:

Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund (VTSAX)
Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund (VTIAX)
Vanguard Total Bond Market Fund (VBTLX)
So, a "three-fund portfolio" might consist of 42% Total Stock Market Index, 18% Total International Stock Index, and 40% Total Bond Market fund.
Bruno Chiaravalloti
around 70 remain airworthy
This observation deck offers an augmented reality electronic telescope which lets visitors view either real-time or pre-recorded images of the surrounding landscape.
The "X.Y.Z. fevor" is a reference to a diplomatic incident that occurred during the administration of the second President of the United Status, John Adams.   Adams sent a diplomatic delegation to France to negotiate a resolution of issues that were threatening to lead to war.  The French foreign minister, Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord (Talleyrand) demanded a bribe and a loan to begin the negotiations.   President Adams refused Tallyrand's request and reported the solicitation to Congress.  The Senate printed President Adam's report which referred to the three French diplomats involved, Jean-Conrad Hottinguer, Pierre Bellamy, and Lucien Hauteval as "X,Y, and Z" respectively.   
The populace supported Adams decision to refuse Tallyrand's bribe request.  Vice-President Thomas Jefferson referred to the outpouring of support for Adam's political party that followed  as "X.Y.Z. fevor".
The Tibetan Plateau spans about 2,500,000 km2
Muckle water is located in Rousay, Orkney, Scotland.
Nuclear family includes spouses while first-degree relatives are only blood related.
Jake was released from prison to try to help convince his son to play basketball for the governor's alma mater.
The musician that composed the original music for the Marvin's room was Rachel Portoman, and Carly Simon wrote and performed the song.
At full rated power, battery storage power stations are generally designed to output for up to a few hours.
The Patriots won the Super Bowl in 2001, 2003, 2004, 2014, 2017, and 2019.
Bobby Moore was born in 1941 and died in 1993.
The melting point of magnesium is 650 °C.
In 1403, during the Ming dynasty, Beijing got its current name.
Easter eggs are decorated eggs celebrating the Christian holiday of Easter. They symbolize the empty tomb of Jesus. They originated in Mesopotamia.
Danla Bilic started a makeup channel on YouTube.
Simon Bolivar was born in Caracas, Venezuela on 24 July 1783. He is known for leading the wars of independence from the Spanish Empire from what are currently the countries of Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Panama and Bolivia
The 97th Rifle Division was thrice formed as an infantry division of the Red Army, first as part of the prewar buildup of forces. The first formation was based on the pre-September 1939 shtat (table of organization and equipment) and the division was initially intended to serve in the fortifications along the border with Poland in western Ukraine. 

Beginning on September 17, 1939 it took part in the invasion of eastern Poland and then was moved north to join the 7th Army and later the 13th Army on the Karelian Isthmus during the Winter War against Finland where it saw action in the latter part of the struggle.
Spyridon Louis was the first winner of the Olympic Marathon on 10 April 1896.
Max Verstappen is the youngest driver to win a F1 race with 18 years and 228 days old at the 2016 Spanish Grand Prix, during his first race at Red Bull Racing Team
She is an author, screenwriter, and once was a dancer and a journalist.
Holi is an festival celebrated by Hindus in India.  Even though it was originated by Hindu religion, it is celebrated across India irrespective of religion.  It has become a notable Indian cultural representation.  The reason so many people in the world celebrate it is because India has one of the largest population in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi was born on October 2, 1869
The out of state acceptance rate at the University of Virginia is 19%.
clever
No, it was purchased during the American Civil War, so it was likely built in the 19th century.
Get Back was their first studio album.
211,000 children were registered in the scheme in the first few months.
Ironworking was introduced in Northern Africa around the first millennium BCE and became commonplace in West Africa by 500 BCE. This means it took 500 years (1000-500) for ironworking to become common in West Africa following its introduction in Northern Africa.
Hawaii is the only state in North America that is an archipelago, according to this text.
Haridwar and Hyderabad
The official language of Tunisia is Modern Standard Arabic, though vernacular Tunisian Arabic is the most spoken. French also serves as an administrative and educational language in some contexts, but it has no official status.
The architecture of Maskavas Forštate reflects the history of Russian, Belarusian, and Jewish migration.
Dunk Island is known as Coonanglebah in the Warrgamay and Dyirbal languages.
Irina Vysheslavska was born on February 20, 1939.
Marcus Morton was born in 1784. He left the Democratic Party because he opposed the extension of slavery.
The name of the stadium that was replaced by the new stadium is White Hart Lane.
As Scratching was a common discovery made by the arrival of direct drive turntables, it's hard to tell who was the first person scratching on a turntable, however it's a consensus that GrandMasterFlash and KoolHerc have made the genre popular
DEITYBOUNCE, IRONCHEF, SOUFFLETROUGH, and SWAP are hacking tools that can be used to infect servers, computers, and networking devices.
DEITYBOUNCE is technology that installs a backdoor software implant on Dell PowerEdge servers via the motherboard BIOS and RAID controller(s).
IRONCHEF is technology that can "infect" networks by installing itself in a computer I/O BIOS. 
SOUFFLETROUGH is BIOS injection software that can compromise Juniper Networks SSG300 and SSG500 series firewalls.  
SWAP is technology that can reflash the BIOS of multiprocessor systems that run FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris, or Windows.
Uncas (c. 1588 – c. 1683) was a sachem of the Mohegans who made the Mohegans the leading regional Indian tribe in lower Connecticut, through his alliance with the New England colonists against other Indian tribes.
Leamington Spa, Warwickshire
The oldest driver to win a Formula 1 race is the Italian named Luigi Fagioli while 53 years and 22 days old, with his only win at the 1951 France Grand Prix.
The analysis of multilevel single-cell data. This approach gives us an unprecedent resolution to look at multilevel transitions in health and disease at the single cell level.
George Washington was led by Christopher Gist along Nemacolin's Path in 1753 and 1754
WWII began in 1939 and lasted until 1945.
The Antikythera mechanism, an astronomical clock, was built around 100 BC and is considered the world's first computer.
1162
One advantage of using XGBoost over a single decision tree is that it frequently achieves higher accuracy. One disadvantage is that it sacrifices interpretability because it is much more difficult to follow the path of hundreds or thousands of trees.
Fidel Castro was born in Birán and studied law at the University of Havana. He was the leader of Cuba from 1959 to 2008.
Belarus
Fred Astaire
Arizona State University
Diamond Nights
Coimbatore
Double checked locking can be unsafe in some situations and is sometimes considered an anti-pattern. However, it can be implemented in a safe way.
It took 58 years.  Started in 1539, completed in 1597.
There were many civilizations that came prior to European contact, some that date back as early as 8,000 BCE. The last civilization to dominate Mexico a century prior to European contact were the Aztecs, whose capital, Tenochtitlan, became what is now Mexico City.
The Pareto principle also known as the 80/20 rule or the law of the vital few, states that roughly 80% of consequences come from 20% of causes. For example 80% of revenue comes from 20% of customers (the vital few).
Annapurna Post launched its online news portal in 2013. By April 2014, it became among the 10 most visited news portals in Nepal.
Kobe beef is from Japanese Black cattle.
In the show Avatar: The Last Airbender, Aang was the current Avatar and the last survivor of his nation, the Air Nomads. He and his friends Katara, Sokka, and Toph, strived to end the Fire Nation's war against the other nations and defeat Fire Lord Ozai before he conquered the world.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) was founded on September 14, 1960.  Economists describe OPEC as a cartel that limits free market competition by setting production quotas for its members. The impact of OPEC's supply quotas are most acute during times of war or civil disorder when crude oil supplies are already restricted. Cheating by member nations dilutes the power of OPEC over oil supply and prices.
He was born in Jeyhunabad, a small Kurdish village and his father was Hajj Nematollah, a mystic and poet and a leader of Ahl-e Haqq
The league would have two conferences and four divisions.
Yes, Paul Ernest Adolph served in the US Army Medical Corps as a Major from 1941 to 1945.
Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam BR, referred to as APJ Abdul Kalam in short, was born on 15th October 1931. He was born and raised in Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu, South India. APJ Abdul Kalam specialised in Physics and Aerospace Engineering as part of his studies. 
He had a career of around 4 decades as a scientist as well as an administrator with the organisations such as Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). In these roles, APJ Abdul Kalam played a key role in India's civilian space program and military missile development activities. He also played a vital role in the development of ballistic missile and launch vehicle technology. As a result of his above mentioned contributions, Abdul Kalam was known as the Missile Man of India.
Square Enix
He was born in 1913 in King's Lynn, Norfolk.
solitary
The Byzantine Empire traces it's origins to the Roman Empire
Bull sharks can live in both salt and fresh water because they are euryhaline.
Stanley Franklin Browne was credited with five aerial victories during World War II. After the war, he returned to university and became a chemist.
Randy Couture was one of two fighters over the age of 40 that won a UFC championship fight.
degassing of deep hydrogen from the Earth's crust and mantle; reaction of water with ultrabasic rocks (serpentinisation); contact of water with reducing agents in the Earth's mantle; interaction of water with freshly exposed rock surfaces (weathering); decomposition of hydroxyl ions in the structure of minerals; Natural radiolysis of water; decomposition of organic matter; biological activity; Extraction; Natural hydrogen is extracted from wells, mixed with other gases such as nitrogen or helium.
No, the JR Pass is only intended for purchase by overseas visitors to Japan.
West Ham started in 1895 as Thames Ironworks and became West Ham United in 1900.
Independence mall is located in Wilmington, North Carolina.
Peloton became a public company via an initial public offering on September 26, 2019.
There is no clear cause for Autism which has been scientifically proven. However, some research indicates that genetic factors are one of the predominant causes. In rare cases, autism is associated with agents that cause congenital disabilities, and many other causes have been proposed.
Numerous epidemiological studies have shown no scientific evidence supporting the controversial but popular theory that vaccines cause autism.
This is a real incident that happened in NY in the mid-70s.  It's about this man (played by Al Pacino) who's married to a woman.  But then he also fell in love with a man.  His partner said he's trapped in the wrong body. So, Al Pacino decided to rob a bank to get money for his partner's sex change.
Based on this paragraph, the longest Japanese bullets trains have 16 cars, which is determined by dividing the length of the longes trains (400m) by the length of each car (25m).
Tesla Bot is planned to measure 5 ft 8 in (173 cm) tall and weigh 125 lb (57 kg).
Joshua Braff (born October 11, 1967) is an American writer. Braff's first novel, The Unthinkable Thoughts of Jacob Green, described as a Jewish coming of age tale, was published in 2004 by Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill.

The Unthinkable Thoughts of Jacob Green was an ALA Notable Book, named to Booklist's Top 10 1st Novels List, and chosen for the Barnes & Noble Discover Great New Writers program. His second novel Peep Show was published by Algonquin in 2010. 

In a four-star review of Peep Show, People said, “Braff skillfully illuminates the failures and charms of a broken family. That teen longing for adults to act their age haunts long after the final page.”
The American media franchise, Indiana Jones, includes five film releases.  The first film release, Raiders of the  Last Ark included co-stars Paul Freeman, as Rene Bellow, Karen Allen, as Marion Ravenwood, and John Rhys-Davies, as Sallah.  The second film release, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom included co-stars Kate Capshaw, as Willie Scott, Ke Huy Quan as Short Round, and Amris Puri, as Mola Ram.  The third film release, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade included co-stars Denholm Elliott as Marcus Brody, Julian Glover as Walter Donovan, Alison Doody as Dr. Elsa Schneider, and Sean Connery as Henry Jones.  The fourth film release, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull included co-stars Cate Blanchett as Irina Spalko, Ray Winstone as Mac and Shia LaBeouf as Mutt Williams.  The fifth and final film release, Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny, is scheduled to be released in June 30, 2023 and currently includes co-stars include Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Mads Mikkelsen, Thomas Kretschmann, Boyd Holbrook, Shaunette Renée Wilson, Toby Jones and Antonio Banderas.
Because of CNC machine tooling, which automate much of the drilling process
the giant panda is a folivore, with bamboo shoots and leaves making up more than 99% of its diet.
There are around 170 species of Banksia. Banksias range in size from prostrate woody shrubs to trees up to 30 metres (100 ft) tall.
Several sources have been identified in France. Geologists Alain Prinzhofer and Eric Derville have demonstrated the existence of large reservoirs in a dozen countries, including Mali and the United States. However, their potential remains difficult to assess.
Aetolia is a mountainous region of Greece, so probably not.
A lithophane is a thin plaque of translucent material, normally porcelain, which has been moulded to varying thickness, such that when lit from behind the different thicknesses show as different shades, forming an image.
Roger Federer is a Swiss former professional tennis player. He has won 20 major's singles title, totally 103 singles titles on the ATP tour. He was ranked world No.1 for 310 weeks, and was considered as the great of all time by many people.
Originally planned as a six-book series at its debut in 1990, The Wheel of Time came to span 14 volumes
Towards Lincoln, England
Gyebangsan is a mountain, located in southeastern South Korea.
April 4, 1841
Chennai
Adidas
The idea had previously been proposed and patented by Julius Edgar Lilienfeld.
Yang Liwei, who reached space in 2003 onboard the Shenzhou 5 space ship, is the first astronaut in China to reach space.
Slavery was abolished via the Thirteenth Amendment in 1865 near the end of the American Civil War
Tom Robbins called Timothy Leary a "brave neuronaut".
Nero was born at Antium (modern day Anzio, Italy) on December, 15th 37 AD.
The second series of Renminbi banknotes was introduced on March 1, 1955.
Practitioners of Shōrin-ryū believe lining up the second and third knuckle, along with the bones of the arm, enables them to deliver faster and more powerful punches.
The Bulgan Volcanic Field is located in Mongolia, in the northern Hangai range.
The PAC room is the Newcomb Programs and Council Room, that also houses the University Programs Council and Class Councils.
September 24
In Attack on Titan, the Titans are gigantic man-eating humanoids that destroyed Eren Yeager's hometown and caused the death of his mother. The Titans cause humanity to live in cities surrounded by three enormous walls to protect themselves.
Triathlon events have evolved of the years, and its origins are not fully known. Triathlon historians have evidenced multisports events dating back to 1901. In this era "Les Trois Sports" did not include the swim as it does in modern day triathlon, but instead included a canoe discipline. As the name suggest, triathlon appears to have first surfaced in the history books in france in the suburbs of paris known as Joinville-le-pont, Val-de-marne.
30.15926, since 3,015,926/100,000 = 30.15926
Up to 30 kilograms or 66 pounds
Malanów is south of Zygmuntówek. We know this because Zygmuntówek is north of Malanów.
Based on this paragraph, Barros was traded four times while in the NBA (from Seattle to Charlotte; from Charlotte to Philadelphia; from Boston to Dallas; from Dallas to Detroit).
Gheorghe Hagi is arguably the best Romanian football player holding the record for most goals scored with the national team. He participated in 3 World Cups and 3 European Championships and he was awarded a spot in the World Cup All-Start Team in 1994.
Being There was published on April 21, 1971 and a film about the book was made in 1979.
Lake Como is located in the Lombardy region in Italy.
Teresa Giudice is a reality TV star who is most famous for Bravo's The Real Housewives of New Jersey. She is also a New York Times best selling cookbook author who specializes in Italian cuisine.
Sam F. S. Chin developed the grading system for the I Liq Chuan martial art.
Harold Brainerd Herse was an American pulp editor and publisher. His observations were published in 1937.
Satoshi Nakamoto is the name used by the presumed inventors of Bitcoin. It is probably a pseudonym or nom de plume for the creator.
Based on this text, during the seige of Bexar Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna was the President of Mexico.
Sarah Schechter was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
Machu Picchu is Peru's most visited tourist attraction, and a considerable number of people visit it every year. My data shows 1.4 million people visited Machu Picchu in the year 2017.
Four Half-pistole would be worth twenty-four (24) Scottish pounds. Each Half-pistole is 6 Scottish pounds and 6 x 4 = 24.
Based on this paragraph, the Sun and Jupiter are the two objects that account for the majority of the mass of the Solar System, with the Sun responsible for 99.86% of the total.
Bobby Orr played for the Boston Bruins in his 5th season in the National Hockey League (NHL).

He played in the NHL for 12 seasons, the first 10 with the Boston Bruins, followed by two with the Chicago Black Hawks.
Cao Cao's fleet got set on fire by the General Huang Gai. Huang Gai initially informed Cao Cao that he'd betray the Allied Force formed by Liu Bei and Sun Quan. But Huang Gai was actually trying to take this chance to send ships loaded with flammable reeds to Cao Cao's fleet. Cao Cao took the bait and accepted the offer from Huang Gai. Then, when Huang Gai's ships arrived, the Allied Force set Cao Cao's fleet and camps on fire and essentially destroyed Cao Cao's army.
There have been 44 seasons of Survivor.
Examples of tasks performed by AI include speech recognition, computer vision, translation between (natural) languages, and other mappings of inputs.
Deep learning is part of a broader family of machine learning methods based on artificial neural networks with representation learning.
The Tesla Model 3
It's been used in the industry or as propellant in space programs. Interest in using hydrogen for on-board storage of energy in zero-emissions vehicles is motivating the development of new methods of storage, more adapted to this new application.
Clemson University is a School based in the Upstate of South Carolina in a town called Clemson. They are known for their Football team and bright orange paw. Clemson is consistently a top 10 football team. Their biggest in-state rival is the University of South Carolina Gamecocks. Clemson has 7 different colleges ranging from Engineering, Business, Agriculture, and Health Sciences.
The handscroll is a long, narrow, horizontal scroll format in East Asia used for calligraphy or paintings.
No, it is only open from late summer to early fall.
The same.  Shirley C. Guthrie Jr. was born in October 1927 and died in October 2004.
There are multiple therapies available for Autism depending on the spectrum.
Intensive, sustained special education programs and behaviour therapy early in life can help children with ASD acquire self-care, social, and job skills, and often can improve functioning and decrease symptom severity and maladaptive behaviours; Available approaches include applied behaviour analysis (ABA), developmental models, structured teaching, speech and language therapy, social skills therapy, and occupational therapy. Occupational therapists work with autistic children by creating interventions that promote social interaction like sharing and cooperation. They also support the autistic child by helping them work through a dilemma as the OT imitates the child and waits for a response from the child. Educational interventions have some effectiveness in children: intensive ABA treatment has demonstrated effectiveness in enhancing global functioning in preschool children and is well-established for improving the intellectual performance of young children.
The risks of a Foley catheter include urinary tract and bloodstream infections. In addition, overprescribing of medications to treat infections leads to what is likely additional risk.
You should consider Huntmaster of the Fells Thragtusk and Sakura-Tribe Elder
The 50 stars on the United States of America flag represent the 50 U.S. states.
San Clemente, California in the United States is regarded by many as the top city in the world for surfing, surfboard shapers and surf culture.
A whiteboard (also known by the terms marker board, dry-erase board, dry-wipe board, and pen-board) is a glossy, usually white surface for making non-permanent markings. Whiteboards are analogous to blackboards, but with a smoother surface allowing for rapid marking and erasing of markings on their surface.
The main landmarks of Madrid include the Plaza Mayor, the Royal Palace, the Royal Theatre or the Retiro Park. Madrid also has many national museums, such as the Prado Museum, the Reina Sofia Museum or the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum.
The book explores imagination and the imaginable through the descriptions of cities by an explorer, Marco Polo.
Sam Jones (Samuel Barry Jones) served as vice president and secretary of the Labor Party in 1945.
Alexander Inglis, Alexander Gibb, Admiral in the Royal Navy
Besides food, olive oil has been used for religious rituals, medicines, as a fuel in oil lamps, soap-making, and skincare applications.
117
A's first hit single Nothing was filmed in Cape Town, South Africa.
Maharashtra
27
Obsidian scalpels have a cutting edge that is many times sharper than a steel scalpel. In addition, obsidian scalpels have a smooth blade surface whereas all metal knifes have a jagged, irregular blade surface.
Marbled newt is forced to remain on the land due to droughts.
Atlantic Hall can hold 600 students, is located 70 kilometers from Lagos and was opened in 1989.
"Nnedi" is the short form of her full name "Nnedimma" which translates to "mother is good", in Nigerian Igbo language.
Endpoints specify where resources lie that can be accessed by third party software. Clients use endpoints to interact with server-side web APIs.
Austin, Texas
Ironman was founded by Judy and John Collins four years after the first known modern day triathlon on Wednesday, September 25th, 1974.
Edmund Selous was a pioneer of bird-watching as a method of scientific study.
Patrick Byrne
Jupiter is the largest plant in the Solar system with a surface of 120 times the earth
Dominik Volek was 20 years old. He debuted in 2014 and was born in 1994, so 2014-1994 = 20.
Zoom Video Communications, Inc is based in San Jose, California. The software launched by the company was released in 2013.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu was derived from judo and catch wrestling.
The Queen Isabella Memorial Bridge opened in 1974 and is 2.5 miles long.
It's commonly known that the sun is more intense at higher altitudes. However, contrary to popular belief, the sun is not more intense due to being closer to the sun, but the angle of incidence of the sun. The angle of incidence is steeper, and therefore the density of the sun's  radiant energy is concentrated to a high density in a smaller area. This makes the sun's energy more intense
Bunnie XO
A minimum spanning tree optimizes the a graph in a way that minimizes the sum of all the weights of the edges
Haile Selassie (Amharic: ቀዳማዊ ኀይለ ሥላሴ) was a former Emperor of Ethiopia. He ruled the country from 1930 to 1974.  His first name before he became emperor was Ras Teferi Mekonnen. The religion movement, Rastafari, after the name of Ras Teferi Mekonnen, emerged in Jamaica shortly after Haile Selassie became emperor.  His root is from an extended Solomon and Queen of Sheba(Makeda).
Yinyuan Longqi (Ingen Ryuki) the 33rd abbot of Wanfu Temple
Russell suggests that the AIs should be trained in a way that makes them gradually gain knowledge of what is truly beneficial to humans. AIs developed in this fashion would cooperate with humans while leaving them with a high enough level of autonomy.
2020 was the first year a Colnago-branded bicycle was first ridden by the overall classification winner in the Tour de France.
Founded in 1909
SM U-30 was one of 329 U-boat submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. She engaged in commerce warfare as part of the First Battle of the Atlantic. U-30 is significant for the torpedoing of the US tanker Gulflight on 1 May 1915 20 nautical miles (37 km; 23 mi) west of Scilly.
Charlestown, Massachusetts
In Australia, New Zealand and United Kingdom a "budgie smuggler" is used to describe a swimming brief
No, this is incorrect. The glass ceiling affects all facet of life with hierarchical structure, such as political and career advancements.
Drums
In 1881, Sri Ramakrishna Paramahansa asked Swami Vivekananda to come to Dakshineswar
Hapalochlaena lunulata is an octopus, so it must have eight arms.
Annapolis is the capital city of Maryland.
The Bichon breed type are originally Spanish. The French developed them into a lap-dog variety, and thus the Bichon Frisé is often depicted as a French dog.
April 25th.  It ends on May 3rd, and lasts 9 days.
Following the trench warfare in the poppy fields of Flanders, Belgium during World War I, poppies have become a symbol of remembrance of soldiers who have died during wartime, especially in the UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and other Commonwealth countries.
Sadly, István Szalay passed away on 1 September 2022, at the age of 78. And hence to answer your question, he is dead and does't exists anymore.
Sly and the Family Stone originated from San Francisco, California.
A druid was a member of the high-ranking class in ancient Celtic cultures.
The show follows Ted Lasso, an American college football coach who is hired to coach an English soccer team with the secret intention that his inexperience will lead it to failure,
In Greek mythology, Artemis is the goddess of hunt, wild animals and vegetation.
Washington DC was designed by Major Pierre Charles L'Enfant at the request of George Washington.  L'Enfant was a civil engineer by training, from France, and based his basic design for DC on the streets of Paris.  DC is laid out as a grid, with east-west streets named alphabetically, starting with the letters themselves, and adding syllables as the streets went further out from the city center.  The north-south streets are numbered, increasing as they radiate from the Capitol.  At the intersection of the center-most streets are named for the direction as they radiate from the Capitol, i.e. North Capitol.  However, there is no West Capitol street, as that is the prominent plazas known as the mall.  Diagonally across the grid are streets named after the states and those state streets intersect in circles named after prominent Americans with plazas and open spaces.
A thirty sided die (or d30) is used for combat resolution.
Barranquilla, Colombia
Pwojè Pyebwa was funded by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID).
A wraparound plan usually includes formal services and interventions along with community services and interpersonal support.
181 million people in the US visit the zoo annually each year.
On the campuses of the University of Georgia one can find native tree species such as magnolias, red oaks, white oaks, and beeches. There are also non-native tree species to be found such as the North Africa Atlas cedar, the Chinese parasol and royal paulownia, and the Japanese zelkova and black pine.
Doge coin was created by Billy Markus and Jackson Palmer and it was introduced in December 6, 2013.
Yes. The Fairdale High School is a high school located in the Fairdale area of Louisville, Kentucky, United States. It is part of the Jefferson County Public Schools. As of the 2013–14 school year, there were 1,804 students at the school.
José Altuve played for the 2017 Astros, who are known to have used an illegal sign stealing system, but Altuve himself did not participate in the system and did not cheat.
Summers are the longest season in Rajasthan where the temperature climbs upto 40-45 degree celsius in most places. However, Rajasthan does witness winters every year starting from the month of October until February. Sometimes the temperature can be as low as around 2 degrees as well.
56
Leptodactylus tapiti is a species of frog and is native to Brazil.
A two-stage bootloader actually consists of two bootloaders after each other. The first being small with the sole purpose of loading the second one. The second one can then contain all the code needed for loading the kernel. GRUB uses two (or arguably, three) stages.
Maurice Bishop led the People's Revolutionary Government for 4 years in Grenada, between 1979 and 1983.
The four national languages of Switzerland are German, French, Italian, and Romansh. German, French, and Italian maintain equal status as official languages at the national level within the Federal Administration of the Swiss Confederation, while Romansh is used in dealings with people who speak it. Latin is occasionally used in some formal contexts, particularly to denote the country (Confederatio Helvetica).

In 2020, 62.3% of the population of Switzerland were native speakers of German (either Swiss German or Standard German) at home; 22.8% French (mostly Swiss French, but including some Franco-Provençal dialects); 8% Italian (mostly Swiss Italian, but including Lombard); and 0.5% Romansh.

The German region (Deutschschweiz) is roughly in the east, north, and centre; the French part (la Romandie) in the west; and the Italian area (Svizzera italiana) in the south. There remains a small Romansh-speaking native population in Grisons in the east. The cantons of Fribourg, Bern, and Valais are officially bilingual; Grisons is officially trilingual.
Family Mart is Japan's second largest convenience store chain, behind 7-Eleven.
As of 2023, The Doors of Stone is unreleased, with no stated release date. Rothfuss has stated that the book presented challenges to complete, and issues in his personal life and mental health have contributed to the delay.
The Panama Canal cuts down on the transportation time between the Pacific and Atlantic oceans.
The Spanish-American war ended on August 13, 1898 with the 1898 Treaty of Paris. The treaty ceded ownership of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines from Spain the to the United States.
Germany
Firefighters keep out of the dead man zone and carry large amounts of water (at least 250 liters) with them.
The shell size ranges from 40mm to 115mm and has a base color of white or cream with series of darker or lighter blotches that form complex patterns.
Sri Lanka
1956
Audrey Babette Blackman parents names were Hilda Sligman and Richard Seligman. Hilda was a sculptor and author and Richard was a chemical engineer.
José María Arizmendiarrieta was a Catholic Preist who settled in Mondragón, a town with a population of 7,000 that had not yet recovered from the poverty, hunger, exile, and tension of the Spanish Civil War.
Real Madrid has won 14 of UEFA Champions League titles, make it the club that has won the most number of the tile, among all European clubs.
Paraskevi competed in three paralympics.
The 124th floor observation deck of the Burj Khalifa offers an augmented reality device called the electronic telescope which allows visitors to view surrounding landscapes in real-time as well as saved images.
UConn Huskies won the 2023 NCAA Division 1 men's basketball tournament defeating San Diego State Aztecs, 76-59. This tournament is popularly known as March Madness.
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
Thomas William Dobbie was Canadian.
Machine learning  is a branch of AI concerned with understanding and developing methods that learn,"  that is, methods that use data to improve performance on a set of tasks.  Machine learning algorithms construct a model from sample data, referred to as training data, in order to make predictions or decisions without being explicitly programmed to do so. It first emerged in the 1960s.
Scooter Braun.
One reason for preserving the brain may have been to study structural abnormalities that could have explained Guiteau's violent behavior. Alternatively, because Guiteau was well-known and infamous, his brain may have been preserved for use as a memento or as a warning to discourage presidential assassinations in the future.
U.S. LVMH controls around 60 subsidiaries that manage 75 prestigious brands. These include Tiffany & Co., Christian Dior, Fendi, Givenchy, Marc Jacobs, Stella McCartney, Loewe, Loro Piana, Kenzo, Celine, Sephora, Princess Yachts, TAG Heuer, and Bulgari.
Eight cities are larger than Neris in Lithuania. This is because Neris is the 9th largest, meaning there are 8 which are larger.
The development of metal–oxide–semiconductor (MOS) very-large-scale integration (VLSI), in the form of complementary MOS (CMOS) technology, enabled the development of practical artificial neural networks in the 1980s
The Chernobyl disaster was called the world's worst-ever civil nuclear incident because it is one of only two nuclear energy accidents rated at seven—the maximum severity—on the International Nuclear Event Scale. The initial emergency response, together with later decontamination of the environment, involved more than 500,000 personnel and cost an estimated 18 billion roubles—roughly US$68 billion in 2019, adjusted for inflation. Even though Chernobyl's health effects to the general population are uncertain, the World Health Organization predict an eventual 9,000 cancer related fatalities in Ukraine, Belarus and Russia.
The Lord of the Rings trilogy is comprised of: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Phillies have played in five different stadium throughout their history in Philadelphia. They currently play at Citizens Bank Park.
Wilbur Snyder (September 15, 1929 – December 25, 1991) was an American football player and professional wrestler.

Snyder's wrestling debut occurred during football's 1953 off-season. He was trained by Sandor Szabo and Warren Bockwinkel in Southern California. In 1954, Snyder retired from football completely to pursue a full-time career in wrestling. Part of his in-ring persona included the use of many football tactics, and it garnered Snyder a lot of national attention. 

He had already been a regional champion in Montreal, Quebec, Canada when he made a name for himself by defeating Verne Gagne and winning the United States Championship at Marigold Arena in Chicago on April 7, 1956.
No, endosymbiosis is a symbiotic relationship where the internal symbiont or the endosymbiont provides essential nutrients to the host. For example, a bacteria can provide necessary nutrients to an insect.
Wentworth, South Yorkshire in northern England
Autism is a highly variable neurodevelopmental disorder that is generally thought to cover a broad and deep spectrum, manifesting very differently from one person to another. Some have high support needs, may be non-speaking, and experience developmental delays; this is more likely with other co-existing diagnoses. Others have relatively low support needs; they may have more typical speech-language and intellectual skills but atypical social/conversation skills, narrowly focused interests, and wordy, pedantic communication.They may still require significant support in some areas of their lives. The spectrum model should not be understood as a continuum running from mild to severe, but instead means that autism can present very differently in each individual.How a person presents can depend on context, and may vary over time.
If a DSLR camera is not set to 'Automatic' mode, there are 3 primary functions that need to be considered when deciding on the correct exposure for your image.
1) the Aperture - how wide the aperture on the lens is set determines how much light can pass through the aperture. A small aperture (e.g. f/16) allows less light to reach the sensor as opposed to a wide aperture (e.g f/2.4).
2) the Shutter Speed - how long the shutter is allowed to remain open after you depress the release on the camera. A short exposure time (e.g. 1/1000 sec) will allow less light to hit the cameras sensor whilst a long exposure (e.g. 1/4 sec) will let more light hit the sensor
3) the ISO setting - this setting is used to control how sensitive the sensor is to light hitting it. A low ISO setting (e.g. ISO 200) is much less sensitive than a high ISO setting (e.g. ISO 1600) which means less light is required to capture the for the image on the sensor.
All 3 of these functions work in tandem to ensure the correct exposure value is created based on the image and effect you are trying to create.
West Bengal
He was a politician.
It comes from the Persian word zarparan
NIKStewart lived in Jamaica during middle school (6th - 8th grade).
Rain is water droplets that have condensed from atmospheric water vapor and then fall under gravity
Aaron Krause, the founder of Scrub Daddy, made a deal with Lori Greiner on Shark Tank, giving her 20% equity in the company for $200,000.
Reid attended the University of Virginia and during her senior year she started all 21 games.
Bachendari Pal is an Indian mountaineer. Despite stiff opposition from her family, she still chose to pursue professional mountaineer as a career. Some of her noted accomplishments are:
1. She is the first Indian woman to climb the summit of world's highest mountain, Mount Everest, in 1984.
2. While pursuing her course at Nehru Institute of Mountaineering, she became the first female to climb Mount Gangotri 23,419 ft (7,138.1 m) and Mount Rudragaria 19,091 ft (5,818.9 m) in 1982.

Bachendari Pal has also been conferred with several awards and accolades. She was awarded "Padma Shri" (fourth highest civilian award of Republic of India) in 1984 and "Padma Bhushan" (third highest civilian award of Republic of India) in 2019.
Because the current year is 2023 and Chevron traces its history back to the 1870s, Chevron is roughly between 143 and 153 years old.
Ainley's storm petrel breed on Guadalupe Island in the winter.
The attack was named "Operation Aurora" by Dmitri Alperovitch, Vice President of Threat Research at cybersecurity company McAfee. Research by McAfee Labs discovered that "Aurora" was part of the file path on the attacker's machine that was included in two of the malware binaries McAfee said were associated with the attack. "We believe the name was the internal name the attacker(s) gave to this operation," McAfee Chief Technology Officer George Kurtz said in a blog post.
Apartheid is a system of racial segregation in South Africa.
The Romans are believed to be the most likely origin of the German dish called sauerkraut.
The tour de france is 21 stages long, with each stage taking one day to complete. The race takes 23 days from start to finish due to 2 rest days the riders receive.
4 days. 26-23+1 = 4. Counting 23, 24, 25, 26 equals 4 days.
April 4, 2023
It has been merged with other conditions into autism spectrum disorder (ASD)
Grumpy Cat was actually a nickname for the famous internet celebrity meme cat. Her real name was Tardar Sauce.
Since Archie Thompson scored 13 goals, his teammates scored 18 goals
The first speed limit law in UK was called Locomotive Act, passed in 1861, set a speed limit of 10 miles per hour (16 km/h) in uninhabited areas, and 5 miles per hour (8.0 km/h) within towns.
In Africa, cattle were domesticated before agriculture.
Belgium
The Artificer first appeared as a full class in the 3.5 edition of D&D and was introduced in the Eberron campaign setting.
A person using virtual reality equipment is able to look around the artificial world, move around in it, and interact with virtual features or items.
Magnesium is mainly obtained by electrolysis of magnesium salts obtained from brine.
The least common birthday in the United States between 1973 and 1999 was February 29 because of leap years.
Oozes are defined as sediments which contain at least 30 percent skeletal remains of pelagic microorganisms.
It grants Fargus invincibility and a deadly touch.
Male blackbuck range from 44 to 126 pounds, are 29 to 33 inches tall, and have 14 to 30 inch long corkscrew horns.
Water fluoridation is the controlled adjustment of fluoride to a public water supply solely to reduce tooth decay. Fluoridated water contains fluoride at a level that is effective for preventing cavities; this can occur naturally or by adding fluoride. Fluoridated water operates on tooth surfaces: in the mouth, it creates low levels of fluoride in saliva, which reduces the rate at which tooth enamel demineralizes and increases the rate at which it remineralizes in the early stages of cavities. Typically a fluoridated compound is added to drinking water, a process that in the U.S. costs an average of about $1.17 per person-year. Defluoridation is needed when the naturally occurring fluoride level exceeds recommended limits. In 2011, the World Health Organization suggested a level of fluoride from 0.5 to 1.5 mg/L (milligrams per litre), depending on climate, local environment, and other sources of fluoride. Bottled water typically has unknown fluoride levels.

Tooth decay remains a major public health concern in most industrialized countries, affecting 60–90% of schoolchildren and the vast majority of adults. Water fluoridation reduces cavities in children, while efficacy in adults is less clear. A Cochrane review estimates a reduction in cavities when water fluoridation was used by children who had no access to other sources of fluoride to be 35% in baby teeth and 26% in permanent teeth. However, this was based on older studies which failed to control for numerous variables, such as increasing sugar consumption as well as other dental strategies. Most European countries have experienced substantial declines in tooth decay, though milk and salt fluoridation is widespread in lieu of water fluoridation. Recent studies suggest that water fluoridation, particularly in industrialized nations, may be unnecessary because topical fluorides (such as in toothpaste) are widely used, and caries rates have become low.

Although fluoridation can cause dental fluorosis, which can alter the appearance of developing teeth or enamel fluorosis, the differences are mild and usually not an aesthetic or public health concern. There is no clear evidence of other side effects from water fluoridation. Fluoride's effects depend on the total daily intake of fluoride from all sources. Drinking water is typically the largest source; other methods of fluoride therapy include fluoridation of toothpaste, salt, and milk. The views on the most efficient method for community prevention of tooth decay are mixed. The Australian government states that water fluoridation is the most effective way to achieve fluoride exposure that is community-wide. The World Health Organization reports that water fluoridation, when feasible and culturally acceptable, has substantial advantages, especially for subgroups at high risk, while the European Commission finds no benefit to water fluoridation compared with topical use.

Public water fluoridation was first practiced in the U.S. As of 2012, 25 countries have artificial water fluoridation to varying degrees, 11 of them have more than 50% of their population drinking fluoridated water. A further 28 countries have water that is naturally fluoridated, though in many of them the fluoride is above the optimal level. As of 2012, about 435 million people worldwide received water fluoridated at the recommended level (i.e., about 5.4% of the global population). 56  About 214 million of them live in the United States. Major health organizations such as the World Health Organization and FDI World Dental Federation supported water fluoridation as safe and effective. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention lists water fluoridation as one of the ten great public health achievements of the 20th century in the U.S. Despite this, the practice is controversial as a public health measure. Some countries and communities have discontinued fluoridation, while others have expanded it. Opponents of the practice argue that neither the benefits nor the risks have been studied adequately, and debate the conflict between what might be considered mass medication and individual liberties.
Rraboshtë is located in Albania and is known for producing grape varieties.
The Marine Corps was established on the 10th of November in 1775 in Philadelphia, PA.
Mei and Satsuki are the two Japanese girls who discover Totoro in the famous Japanese anime My Neighbour Totoro.
Chekhov is most often grouped with Henrik Ibsen and August Strindberg as one of the three seminal figures of early modernist theater.
Vitamins that peanut butter is rich in include vitamin E, pantothenic acid, folate, niacin, and vitamin B6.
UVA tied for 25th among national universities.
The HMS Glowworm (H92), a G-class was launched in July 22nd, 1935.
The Primacy of the Spains (Portuguese: Primaz das Espanhas; Spanish: Primado de las Españas, Catalan: Primat de les Espanyes) is the primacy of the Iberian Peninsula, historically known as Hispania or in the plural as the Spains. 

The Archbishop of Braga, in Portugal, has claimed this primacy over the whole Iberian Peninsula since the middle ages, however today his primacy is only recognized in Portugal. The Archbishop of Toledo in Spain has claimed the Primacy of Spain, as the primate above all other episcopal sees in Spain. 

In addition, the Archbishop of Tarragona in Catalonia also make use of the title. The Archbishops in Braga, Toledo and Tarragona, if raised to the rank of cardinal, are known as Cardinal-Primates.
Cynodon dactylon, commonly known as Bermuda grass, is a grass found worldwide. It is native to Europe, Africa, Australia and much of Asia.
In the study of complex networks, a network is said to have community structure if the nodes of the network can be easily grouped into (potentially overlapping) sets of nodes such that each set of nodes is densely connected internally.
Neuromancer was written by William Gibson and its main protagonist is Henry Case.
By combining these "omes", scientists can analyze complex biological big data to find novel associations between biological entities, pinpoint relevant biomarkers and build elaborate markers of disease and physiology. In doing so, multiomics integrates diverse omics data to find a coherently matching geno-pheno-envirotype relationship or association.
When Taran killed Arawn with Dyrnwyn in the stronghold of Annuvin, all magical implements inside were destroyed - Dyrnwyn also lost its magic.
Steve Jobs launched multiple products such as the iPod and iPhone, opened the Apple Store retail chain, and performed numerous acquisitions to bring Apple back to profitability.
As of spring 2022, students who commit an offense of the Honor System at UVA face a two semester suspension.
After Christopher Columbus returned, a dispute arose between Portugal and Spain, which Pope Alexander VI mediated for the Treaty of Tordesillas.
According to this joint treaty, the newly discovered lands beyond Europe are divided between the two countries along a meridian located 370 leagues west of the Cape Verde islands.
An archipelago is a grouping, or clustering, of islands.
Valery Moiseevich Leibin is still alive. He is a member of the following editorial boards:
- "Russian Psychoanalytic Bulletin"
- "Archetype"
- "Psychoanalytic Review"
- "Review of Psychoanalysis"
The American Rescue Plan authorized $1.9T of economic stimulus to be spent.
The boiling point of magnesium is 1,090 °C.
No, Belgrandia varica lives in freshwater.
The Citroen C4 Cactus is a subcompact crossover SUV produced by Citroen, a French automaker.
Pele's last football club was New York Cosmos of the North American Soccer League, for which he played during 3 seasons, ending his professional career in 1977.
UBS Group AG is a multinational investment bank and financial services company founded and based in Switzerland. Co-headquartered in the cities of Zürich and Basel, it maintains a presence in all major financial centres as the largest Swiss banking institution and the largest private bank in the world. UBS client services are known for their strict bank–client confidentiality and culture of banking secrecy. Because of the bank's large positions in the Americas, EMEA, and Asia Pacific markets, the Financial Stability Board considers it a global systemically important bank.

Apart from private banking, UBS provides wealth management, asset management, and investment banking services for private, corporate, and institutional clients with international service. UBS manages the largest amount of private wealth in the world, counting approximately half of the world's billionaires among its clients. Despite its trimming of sell-side operations, UBS maintains a global investment bank and is considered a primary market maker. The bank also maintains numerous underground bank vaults, bunkers, and storage facilities for gold bars around the Swiss Alps and internationally. Partly due to its banking secrecy, it has been at the centre of numerous tax avoidance investigations undertaken by U.S., French, German, Israeli, and Belgian authorities. UBS operations in Switzerland and the United States were respectively ranked first and second on the 2018 Financial Secrecy Index.

As of May 2022, UBS is the third largest bank in Europe with a market capitalization of $63 billion. It is one of the eight global "Bulge Bracket" banks. It has over CHF 3.2 trillion in assets under management (AUM), approximately CHF 2.8 trillion of which are invested assets. In June 2017, its return on invested capital was 11.1%, followed by Goldman Sachs' 9.35%, and JPMorgan Chase's 9.456%. In late 2016, UBS established a blockchain technology research lab in London to advance its cyber security and encryption of client activities. Based on regional deal flow and political influence, UBS is considered one of the "biggest, most powerful financial institutions in the world". The company's capital strength, security protocols, and reputation for discretion have yielded a substantial market share in banking and a high level of brand loyalty. Alternatively, it receives routine criticism for facilitating tax noncompliance and off-shore financing. UBS is a primary dealer and Forex counterparty of the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Though Kafka was a prolific writer he struggled with low self-esteem and destroyed 90% of his work. Rest of his works were lost or were not published. In his will Kafka instructed that his unfinished novels be destroyed, luckily those instructions were ignored and we are able to read his novels like The Trial and The Castle.
Rosa Louise McCauley Parks, born on February 4, 1913 was an American activist in the civil rights movement best known for her pivotal role in the Montgomery bus boycott. The United States Congress has honored her as "the first lady of civil rights" and "the mother of the freedom movement". Parks became a NAACP activist in 1943, participating in several high profile civil rights campaigns. On December 1, 1955, in Montgomery, Alabama, Parks rejected bus driver James F. Blake's order to vacate a row of four seats in the "colored" section in favor of a White passenger, once the "White" section was filled. Parks was not the first person to resist bus segregation, but the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) believed that she was the best candidate for seeing through a court challenge after her arrest for civil disobedience in violating Alabama segregation laws, and she helped inspire the Black community to boycott the Montgomery buses for over a year. The case became bogged down in the state courts, but the federal Montgomery bus lawsuit Browder v. Gayle resulted in a November 1956 decision that bus segregation is unconstitutional under the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.

Parks's act of defiance and the Montgomery bus boycott became important symbols of the movement. She became an international icon of resistance to racial segregation, and organized and collaborated with civil rights leaders, including Edgar Nixon and Martin Luther King Jr. At the time, Parks was employed as a seamstress at a local department store and was secretary of the Montgomery chapter of the NAACP. She had recently attended the Highlander Folk School, a Tennessee center for training activists for workers' rights and racial equality. Although widely honored in later years, she also suffered for her act; she was fired from her job, and received death threats for years afterwards. Shortly after the boycott, she moved to Detroit, where she briefly found similar work. From 1965 to 1988, she served as secretary and receptionist to John Conyers, an African-American US Representative. She was also active in the Black Power movement and the support of political prisoners in the US.

After retirement, Parks wrote her autobiography and continued to insist that there was more work to be done in the struggle for justice. Parks received national recognition, including the NAACP's 1979 Spingarn Medal, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Congressional Gold Medal, and a posthumous statue in the United States Capitol's National Statuary Hall. Upon her death in 2005, she was the first woman to lie in honor in the Capitol Rotunda. California and Missouri commemorate Rosa Parks Day on her birthday, February 4, while Ohio, Oregon, and Texas commemorate the anniversary of her arrest, December 1.
3
Alauddin Mujahid Shah was the grandson of Ala-ud-Din Bahman Shah by his son Mohammed Shah I.
André Piters played as a striker
El Niño (/ɛl ˈniːnjoʊ/ el NEEN-yoh, Spanish: [el ˈniɲo]; lit. 'The Boy') is the warm phase of the El Niño–Southern Oscillation (ENSO) and is associated with a band of warm ocean water that develops in the central and east-central equatorial Pacific (approximately between the International Date Line and 120°W), including the area off the Pacific coast of South America.
Yes, Niksar has a historic castle overlooking the old city. It is used during Roman, Byzantium and Ottoman times.
The White Brigade (Dutch: Witte Brigade, French: Brigade blanche) was a Belgian resistance group, was founded on 23 July 1940 in Antwerp by Marcel Louette, who was nicknamed "Fidelio". The group was originally known as "De Geuzengroep" and changed its name again after the Liberation of Belgium to Witte Brigade-Fidelio as the term "white brigade" had emerged as a generic term to describe the resistance.
No, transportation was by horse and buggy
The HP Garage at 367 Addison Avenue
William Anderson Hatfield, also known as "Devil Anse", was considered the leader of the Hatfield clan.
He was appointed hospital assistant in 1966. In 1968, he was 35 years old. So in 1966, he was 33 years old.
Don't Starve Together is a cooperative multiplayer survival game developed by Klei Entertainment, where up to six players can play together online or offline. Players take on the role of a band of characters in a harsh wilderness world, and must work together to keep alive, fed, and mentally stable as they avoid a variety of surreal and supernatural enemies that will try to kill and devour them. The game features a unique hand-drawn art style, as well as randomly generated worlds, providing a new experience with each playthrough.
Campbell was founded in 1952.
Naul is located in Ireland and the River Delvin passes through it.
The Sanford Stadium of the University of Georgia is named after Steadman Sanford who was both a former president and chancellor of the University of Georgia.
The Great Lakes are comprised of five lakes: Superior,  Michigan, Huron, Erie, and Ontario.
Siedlce is 90 kilometers east of Warsaw and has a population of 77,354 people.
The Pitt Street Mall is 200 meters long and has more than 400 specialty stores.
The paragraph talk about the finals recorded words a person says at the time of death, and how they could be historically or culturally significance.
A prime number is a natural number great than one that is only divisible by itself and one. e.g. 5 is a prime number as it is only divisible by 5 and 1, but 4 is not as 4 is divisible by 4,2 and 1
The Macaron originates from France and is generally thought to have been created by an Italian chef of Catherine de Medici when she was the Queen of France during the 16th century. However the time period and original creator maybe a legend as there are documents referring to the Macaron in the 8th century from Cormery Abbey in France.
On 16 March 2000, Wim Hof set the Guinness World Record for thre farthest swim under ice, with a distance of 57.5 metres (188.6 feet).
the Battle of the Granicus
He could have not push his father out of the way when he fell into the path of an oncoming car.
Nasimerice (German: Aschmeritz) is a municipality and village in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 200 inhabitants.

Nasimerice lies approximately 28 kilometres (17 mi) north-east of Znojmo, 32 km (20 mi) south-west of Brno, and 189 km (117 mi) south-east of Prague.
PMP stands for Project Management Professional, and it was established by the Project Management Institute (PMI). The PMP is a professional certification for project managers that is recognized internationally. The PMP is based on the ECO PMP Examination Content Outline.
In British politics, Brownism is the political ideology of the former Prime Minister and leader of the Labour Party Gordon Brown and those that follow him. Brownites tend to be less enthusiastic about market driven reforms such as tuition fees and foundation hospitals and more keen on the role of the state, less critical of Labour's links to the unions and critical of media management techniques such as the use of spin doctors
The Magnavox Odyssey in 1972
football
There are arguments that some of the depictions of the artworks are factual represents of Delacroix's first-hand experience while traveling in North Africa.
Jordan is a country in Western Asia and it is border by Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Syria, Palestine, and Israel.
Izuku keeps his secret that All Might had chosen Izuku to inherit All Might's Quirk "One For All" from Bakugo and Izuku's friends from Class 1-A.
Pre-colonial Africa had many political organizations including: small family groups, larger family clan groupings, heavily structured clan groups, and autonomous city-states and kingdoms.
Qamus was attacked and defeated by Muslim forced near the year 630 CE
The Treaty of London marked the end of the Anglo-Spanish War.
The least common birthday in the United States between 1973 and 1999, excluding February 29, is December 25.
102.2 degrees Fahrenheit
The new building opened on November 13, 2001.
Athip Suyansethakarn was found guilty of murdering his wife, Nualchawee Petchrung.
There is no dialogue.
The tour de france has ran since 1903, with the only noted cancellations happening for the two world wars
The average temperature in April in Germany is 13.2 °C.
In 1901, the Boston Cooking School Magazine published the first known reference for a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. This magazine article called for "three very thin layers of bread and two of filling, one of peanut paste, whatever brand you prefer, and currant or crabapple jelly for the other."
It is estimated that between 223 and 273 inhabitants of Lone Pine survived the earthquake.

The passage shows that there was "an estimated 250–300 inhabitants of Lone Pine" and that "27 are known to have perished". If we subtract 27 from 250, you get 223, and if we subtract 27 from 300, we get 273. Therefore, it can be estimated that the number of inhabitants that survived the earthquake is between 223 and 273.
The heat pump in the Tesla Model Y runs the same heating operations as other cars but much more efficiently, significantly increasing driving range for the same battery size. Most other cars use electric resistance heating which consumes much more energy to perform the same job.
The Laos team was disqualified for failure to play their semi-final match.
Between the Olympics of 2008 and 2020, in 2022 she retired from Diving.
2 hours
Based on this text, Susan Eaton was a professor at Harvard Kennedy School.
The painting represents the 1648 Treaty of Münster and depicts Minerva, the goddess of wisdom, crowning Pax, the goddess of peace.
Mussa Azzan Zungu's current position is Deputy Speaker of Tanzania National Assembly.
The coastal burrowing scorpion, whose scientific name is Urodacus novaehollandiae, can only be found in Australia.
Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Albania, France (rejoined)
Rio de Janeiro is famous for its beaches, rainforest, samba, football stadium (Maracana), carnival and bossa nova music.
The two main treatments available for Sensory processing disorder are Sensory integration therapy and Sensory processing therapy
Arcane is an adult animated steampunk action-adventure television series created by Riot Games
Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic won 22 times.
almond, ovaloid, round, rectangular
King Edward II of England and his successor, King Edward III
Svea Kristina Frisch (15 June 1898 in Ramsberg, Oerebro county– 1991), known as Kristina Lindstrand, was a Swedish actor, journalist, author, and poet.
Kalis Ilustrisimo is a style of Filipino martial arts founded by Antonio Tatang Ilustrisimo that focuses more on the use of blades than sticks.
Two seasons, it was not commissioned for a third series.
Ayahuasca is used both socially and as a ceremonial or shamanic spiritual medicine
Amazon acquired Twitch in the year 2014.
17 stories
Isa participated in Berlinale Talent Campus, and established the production center Baku Music Factory in 2008
Interventions may include social skills training, cognitive behavioral therapy, physical therapy, speech therapy, parent training, and medications for associated problems, such as mood or anxiety.
Hasora discolor can be found in New South Wales, Australia
No, it is a type of snail.
Usually, choro is played by a flute, guitar and cavaquinho but other instruments are commonly played as the mandolin, clarinet, saxophone, trumpet and trombone. Also, to back the melody, a 6-string guitar, a 7-string guitar and a pandeiro are present. Finally, the cavaquinho appears as a rhythm or melody instrument.
the giant panda is a folivore, with bamboo shoots and leaves making up more than 99% of its diet.
Damien Chazelle directed movies first. His first directed TV show was in 2020 while he has directed movies since at least 2014.
Three commonly used daals are toor, masoor, and moong.
1965
She is commonly referred to as "Miss Unsinkable" or Queen of sinking ships".
Although Carolina Reaper currently holds the Guinness World Record for the hottest chili pepper, it is not the hottest chili pepper that is cultivated naturally. The Ghost Pepper, also known as Bhut Jholokia, is the spiciest chili pepper in the world that is grown naturally. It is most commonly found in Bangladesh and northeastern India. This pepper is frequently referred to as the "ghost pepper" in the West since "bhut" means "ghost" in the Assamese language. These peppers have thin, easily tearing, dented skin.

A ghost pepper and an Ed Currie-bred Carolina Reaper can be compared because both are extremely fiery and have a sweet, fruity flavor. The Carolina Reaper has more than twice the heat of the ghost pepper when it is at its fiercest, despite the fact that both peppers are extremely spicy. Ghost peppers have a maximum SHU of 1,041,427, while the Carolina Reaper has a maximum SHU of 2.2 million.

Ghost peppers have a potent, sweet-fruity chili flavor. The first 30 to 45 seconds do not experience any heat. After the heat sets in, anticipate to experience shortness of breath, hiccups, perspiration, and watery eyes. The burning typically worsens over 10 to 15 minutes before going away after 30 to 40 minutes.
Thor is the god of thunder in Norse mythology. He wields a powerful hammer that only he can pick up. Thor has appeared as a character in Marvel comic books since 1962 and in at least 10 movies.
Based on the provided paragraph, it's not clear what is an "outie". However, based on this sentence, "He rushes to tell Devon, but is only able to say "She's alive!" before Milchick tackles Dylan, deactivating the overtime contingency and reverting the three to their outie state.", it seems like an outie is a state that a person can be in and that the state can be switched on by deactivating the overtime contingency.
16 years. 2008-1993+1 = 16.
Saint-Germain-les-Belles station is serviced by the TER services operated by SNCF.
Los Angeles
According to this passage, Gorbachev was neither an ally of Yeltsin nor of Putin. In fact, he was a vocal critic of both of them.
United nations every year in collaboration with sustainable development solution network perform survey and release the report global happiness index. As of March 2023, Finland has been ranked the happiest country in the world six times in a row.

The World Happiness Report is a publication that contains articles and rankings of national happiness, based on respondent ratings of their own lives, which the report also correlates with various (quality of) life factors
Approximately two-thirds of people who are infected with COVID-19 develop noticeable symptoms. Of those who develop symptoms noticeable enough to be classified as patients, most (81%) develop mild to moderate symptoms (up to mild pneumonia), while 14% develop severe symptoms (dyspnea, hypoxia, or more than 50% lung involvement on imaging), and 5% develop critical symptoms (respiratory failure, shock, or multiorgan dysfunction).
Surfing is a sport where a rider uses a surfboard to ride a wave
Fernando Pessoa created approximately seventy-five heteronyms, of which three stand out, Alberto Caeiro, Álvaro de Campos, and Ricardo Reis.
Pessoa's heteronyms differ from pen names, because they possess distinct biographies, temperaments, philosophies, appearances, writing styles and even signatures.
Initially there was an uninterrupted shutdown of the air travel from April 15 until April 23. There were intermittent disruptions in different parts of Europe in the following weeks until May 17. Overall, the air travel over Europe disrupted for 33 days between April 15 and May 17 2010.
Noctuidae
Blocking operations would cause dependency issues between p1 and p2 if either is blocking the other.
Based off of this paragraph, it is clear that Yahalom wrote books and articles "from Byzantine Palestine (5th century CE) to the early modern period". Therefore, it is likely that Yahalom was born in the early modern period or sometime after the early modern period.

The exact date of Yahalom's birth cannot be determined given the provided information.
Midnight sun is a natural phenomenon that occurs in the summer months in places north of the Arctic Circle or south of the Antarctic Circle, when the Sun remains visible at the local midnight.
Max Verstappen has won 2 Formula One World Championships. He won his first one in 2021 at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. In 2022 he won his second consecutive Formula One championship

As of the 3rd race of the 2023 season, he is leading the World Championship with 69 points.
69
Much of the early history of coffee was tied to oral tradition in modern-day Ethiopia. Presently, there is no evidence of coffee consumption and cultivation before the 15th century. Yemeni monks drank coffee to aid in concentration during prayers. In the early 16th century, coffee spread to the Levant and Persia. Later in the 16th-century coffee arrived in Italy via Mediterranean trade routes. The Ottomans brought it to Central and Eastern Europe. It reached India by the mid-17th century.England and Germany pioneered the coffee house concept that emerged in Western Europe. The Caribbean island of Martinique hosted one of the earliest ex-situ coffee cultivations in the New World - Gabriel de Clieu brought coffee seedlings here in 1720. These resulted in coffee plantations in other Caribbean islands like Saint-Domingue (which, by 1788, supplied half of the world's coffee) and also in Mexico.Brazil is currently the largest coffee producer globally, a status held since 1852. Since 1950, a number of other major producers emerged, including Colombia, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, and Vietnam. Today, coffee is a household item as a result of modern production techniques and mass productization.
Zigalga National Park has the majority of its territory untouched by human activity and includes pine and birch forest, dark coniferous taiga, alpine meadows and mountain tundra.
A bootloader is a program written in machine code that loads the operating system into RAM during the boot process.
The "one-child policy" was a Chinese population planning initiative that was implemented from 1980 to 2015 to curb population growth by limiting many families to only one child. It was part of a larger effort to control population growth that began in 1970 and ended in 2021, which included setting minimum ages for marriage and childbearing, imposing two-child limits on many couples, requiring minimum intervals between births, close monitoring, and imposing stiff fines for non-compliance. The policy had far-reaching social, cultural, economic, and demographic effects, although the extent to which the one-child restrictions contributed to the broader program has been a matter of debate.
