When did Virgin Australia start operating?
When was Tomoaki Komorida born?
Given a reference text about Lollapalooza, where does it take place, who started it and what is it?
Who was Kyle Van Zyl playing against when he scored 36 of hisa teams 61 points?
Who was the first to record the Needles and Pins song?
Given this paragraph, what is the top speed of a Kia Stinger?
Where are the British Virgin Islands (BVI) and which islands are a part of the BVI?
Does "outbreeding" or "inbreeding" benefit the offspring more?
When was the first Reading railway station opened?
Given this paragraph about Billie Eilish, tell me who produced her debut single, also tell me what is her chart-topping single?
How many managers have Arsenal had?
What is SVM?
Who scored first in Austin FC's first victory in a home game in the 2021 MLS season?
How long does it take for a mustard seed to germinate?
What is the origin of the name of the herb Rosemary?
Who coined the phrase "Bike-shedding" and when?
Given a reference text about Run Towards the Danger, tell me how many essays are part of the collection.
Who tends to participates in hackathons?
What is Marketing Automation?
Which American president spoke Dutch as their first language?
Given this reference text about the consumption of peanut butter, when is national peanut butter day?
What does fasting mean?
Was Furze Hill an established community in the 19th century?
What is wine?
What is the last festival celebrated in Tihar and how long does the festival last?
What event John Johnstone won as a rider?
Based on this paragraph, how many younger siblings did Kennedy have?
Can you tell me something about Stanley J. Goldberg
Given a reference text about Jen Shah, what is she famous from, when was she criminally charged, what was the verdict, and when was she sentenced.
What types of problems in government could AI be used to solve
Given this paragraph, how many public high schools are in Arlington, Virginia?
Given the reference text about the Cy Young Award, please describe what the award is and why it is awarded.
Based on the provided text, place the following books in chronological order: 
The Fox in the Attic, In Hazard: A Sea Story, A High Wind in Jamaica, and The Wooden Shepherdess
What are the official languages of the United Nations?
What's the game engine used by Bethesda before Creation Engine? And what's the last game make with it?
What is the old name for The Go Between Bridge?
Based on the reference text about Bitcoin, how many countries have banned Bitcoin?
What was the Underground Railroad?
Given this paragraph on LeBron James' early career, when did he win his first NBA MVP?
If each client was served by the same number of professionals, how many professionals (round to one decimal place) would each client be served by?
When was Lamb Air operating
Which river can you hike in Utah?
What does Cisco specialize in, what technology markets do they address, and what are their most successful products?
What are the causes for Sensory processing disorder?
According to this text, when did Disney become a public company?
Where did Gretel attend primary school?
Given a reference text about Psychiatry: An Industry of Death, tell me when it opened and and who owns and operates it.
What is Magical Thinking?
Based on this paragraph, how many times has Joe Biden run for president and what characteristics make him unique among all past presidents?
Which of the 10 largest earthquakes was the deadliest?
Given this paragraph about the Cold War, why did the Soviets pull out of their war in Afghanistan?
According to the text below about UVA, name the UVA alumni that have won the Pulitzer Prize.
Given a reference text about Gennady Petrovich Lyachin, tell me when he joined the navy and when he was decommissioned.
Who is the 'sole Survivor' on the TV Show Survivor?
Which is longest road or highway or motorway in the world
Given this paragraph about WWII, how many fatalities happened?
Who invented the radio?
Given this paragraph about bicycle manufacturer Colnago, what Italian automobile company did Colnago work with to develop new carbon fiber technology?
When was Rhual constructed?
Given a reference text about the Spellenspektakel, tell me where it takes place and what games are played.
How many awards did the film The Walrus and the Whistleblower win per this entry of information?
Given this paragraph about Sam Baker, what is the Outland Trophy?
Based on the reference text, what was the start date and the expected completion date of the reconstruction project on the Howard Frankland bridge.
Given this reference text about Jimmy John's, how many Jimmy John's locations are there?
Given this paragraph about the M26, tell me how many times Hunt finished in the top 3, and explain your reasoning.
When was The White Mandigos band formed?
Who was Luis Gonzalez de Ubieta
List 10 highest-grossing actors in the world.
What shape are Philodendron leaves?
Given this paragraph about Pittsford, New York, what year was the town settled?
Who won the 149th Boat Race?
Given a reference text about the E.S. Hoyt House, tell me how big the inside of the house is and how many rooms it has.
What is the name of the major school of praxiology not developed by Ludwig von Mises
Which is the best work from Goethe?
How many total seats are there?
Based on this paragraph about the Final Fantasy series, who created it?
Given this paragraph about Dartmouth College traditions, which homecoming-related traditions are illegal?
Based on the passage provided in which years the movie named 'A star is Born' was released?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, when was the first model in OpenAI's GPT series trained?
Based on this paragraph, what was the main focus of Mohammad Shah I's reign over his sultanate?
In which part of Germany is the town Kirchenlamitz located?
what was population of India during Mauryan Era?
Who played Harry Bosch in the eponymous TV series?
According to this paragraph, tell me what is referred to as the most exciting collegiate sporting event.
Who were the children of Bill 101
Given this paragraph about the First Treaty that was signed after the Russo-Japanese War, was there a secret component?
Which country has topped the swimming medals list in the summer olympics?
Given a reference text about the Cuban Missile Crisis, when did the crisis occur and how long did it last?
Given this text of Mao Zedong, tell me how many people were killed in Mao's era through starvation, persecution, prison labour, and mass executions?
Who did John Evelyn support during the English Civil War?
Give this paragraph about the Alley Cats a capella group, what famous talk show hosts have they performed for?
What is an string instrument that is similar to a Violin, but larger in size and with a lower and deeper sound?
Given a reference text about coleus rotundifolius, what are they commonly known as?
Which positions did Kamerion Wimbley play in High school?
Given this reference paragraph about the history of the 'five whys' technique, what was the original intention of asking the 'five whys'?
Given a reference text about Larissa Ilinichna Volpert, tell me what game she played, when she was champion, and what titles she earned.
Tell me about the new premier of New South Wales
How long after the release of the album “Abbey Road” did The Beatles break up?
Given a reference text about Richard Brandon Morris, tell me what when and where he was born as well as the different colleges and universities he attended.
In what year did Apple debut the 'Mac Operating System'?
Where does Kieran Liam McAnespie come from?
Given this paragraph about the dimensions of a volleyball court, is there a difference between the hight of the net for men's competitions vs women's competitions?
Given this reference text about a video game, when was Donkey Kong released?
What are the defense mechanisms?
How popular is K-pop around the world?
Given a reference text about David Moses ben Meir Dyte, tell me what he is known for.
Given a reference text about the 2022 Mazar-i-Sharif mosque bombing, how many people were injured and killed?
What are the seven wonders of the world?
Given this paragraph about blockchain, how did blockchain influence bitcoin cryptocurrency?
What was the first name of Thomas Attewell's brother and cousin?
Given a reference text about the Mauritius fody, tell me what they look like.
Given this article about Operation Aurora, which companies were targeted in the attacks?
When did Iranians convert to Islam?
Based on this article, considerations of what time zone is used for determining what land is in the dead man zone?
Why is the forum in Rome named the forum?
What name is Beijing also known by?
How old is Tamil language?
What is the world's oldest annual marathon based on the reference text below?
Given a reference text about Georg Friedrich Parrot, tell me when and where he was born as well as what he studied.
Given this paragraph about cycling, who holds the record for the most Tour de France stage victories?
How many years passed from Ghana's decline to the Mali Empire consolidating western Sudan?
What is Cryptocurrency?
Given this paragraph about Africa, why Africa's per capita  GDP is low?
Given the numerous awards in Major League Baseball, what is the Willie Mays World Series Most Valuable Player (MVP) Award?
Given a reference text about Anoop Nautiyal, what did his work focus on?
Who is the main cast in Seinfeld TV show?
Have you heard of Doleshwor Mahadeva temple?
From this paragraph, tell me when Mary died and when did Elizabeth had Mary, Queen of Scots imprisoned. Also, who supported plots to have Elizabeth overthrown?
what are the 5 skandhas?
Which team has drafted Nkem-Nkechukwu Ojougboh?
Given the following paragraph about New York City, how many people live in the city?
Given this paragraph about the sport of triathlon, what are the individual sports make up a triathlon
Where was the 2018 UCI Track Cycling World Championships held?
Given a reference text about Ingwelala, tell me which game farms are on the reserve.
What caused the 2007-2008 financial crisis?
What is the oldest known civilization?
Given this article on Donkey Kong Country 2, who is the villain of the plot and where does the story take place?
Given a reference text about Pultenaea empetrifolia, tell me the colors of its flowers.
Malibamat'so River
Given this paragraph about Wabuska, Nevada, when was a post office first opened in the town?
What is the top floor of the King's Building based on this article? What floor is found below that?
Given this reference text about the Hawaiian scale, how tall is a wave that is six foot Hawaiian?
Which is the most sparsely populates nation?
Given this paragraph about a Tesla Model 3, tell me what the EPA-rated ranges are for the various models.
Which player scored the Premier League winning goal for Manchester City vs. QPR in 2012?
What was Tyson Fury's fight record as an amateur?
What is an adjacency list?
In which country is Jean Marie Ralph Féthière a politician?
Who are the Wagner group
Based on this paragraph, please summarize Cormac McCarthy's use of punctuation.
What was unique about Scrubs?
When and where was Lyubomir Nikolov Vladikin born?
What are the ingredients in panch phuran?
Who founded the city of Price, Quebec?
Based on the reference text, why was the eastern section of the bridge rebuilt?
From this summary of how Bilbo found the Ring in The Hobbit, how did Bilbo beat Gollum at the Riddle game?
Given this reference paragraph, who coined the term dead man zone?
In what year did George Washington die and how old was he?
What is tollywood?
In what year was the evidence of an exoplanet first confirmed?
Wadi Al Banat's name means ?
Given this paragraph about Outlander, who stars in Outlander?
Given the following paragraph on cell structure, what is an example of membrane proteins?
What are the rivers in Rajkot area?
What is the population in Suwon?
What is Sauvignon blanc?
Given this article about the NSA's ANT Catalog, which hacking tools can be used to monitor a target's key strokes?
How many judges did President Trump apoint?
Given this paragraph about Himmerland, which is the largest city in Himmerland?
Given this paragraph about ext3, tell me why its better than ext2 and its successor.
What are the official forms of written Norwegian?
Which chapel on Rutger's campus was built 7 years after the New Jersey College for Women?
Given the reference text about Super Bowl LV, please answer the following questions:
1. Who performed at the halftime show?
2. Which team won and what was the final score?
3. Who was the MVP?
4. Where was the game played?
When and where was the first major agitation led by Gandhi, tell me who this agitation was against,  which crop led to this agitation and why this agitation happened.
Tell me about Roger Federer
This table lists the change over time in population of a small town in France. Between  which two consecutive entries from the table did the rate of population growth change the most? Explain your math.
Why is JDAM so cost effective?
Which is better the Free Software Movement or the Open Source Initiative?
Given this paragraph describing the conclusion of the movie Groundhog Day, how did Phil manage to break the cycle and wake up on February 3 instead of back once again on February 2?
Given this reference text about the Koala, tell me what makes up most of their diet, how long joeys spend in their mothers' pouches and what are some of the pathogens they are threatened by.
Where is the Porce III Dam
According to this reference text about UVA, what years have UVA women won NCAA titles in rowing?
Which team drafted Marques Pope?
Given the text about the 2019 Masters Tournament, tell me who won the golf tournament, where the tournament was held and what age the winner was?
Who wrote the music and lyrics for Replay?
What is Sinking Sand?
What book was the musical Hamilton based on?
When he lived in the mountains of Alaska, was Richard Proenneke in full autonomy?
Given this paragraph about the history of the Calgary Flames hockey team, what year did the Calgary Flames win their only Stanley Cup
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, how many words did the BookCorpus have when it was used to train the first model in OpenAI's GPT series trained in 2018?
Given this paragraph about Kevum, explain when it is typically consumed?
What are the two different continental tournaments that Roger Lemerre won ?
How old was Octavia Butler when she died?
How many of Farington's buildings are designated Grade 3?
What type of physicist is Arup Kumar Raychaudhuri?
How many full siblings did Fatemeh Pahlavi have?
Based on this text, what was Ruth Handler's inspiration for making the Barbie Doll?
Is the recording of a person's last words reliable?
What is Original Joe's restaurant and where are they located?
During which year Emperor Shapur II learned to play polo?
What style of music is played in the World of Warcraft game?
Based on this paragraph when was the last time we sent them to space?
When was the the docu-series 'The Circus' created?
Given this paragraph about mushroom growth, why is it related to the English language expression "to mushroom"?
Where is Koenigsfeld
Given these paragraphs about the Tesla bot, what is its alias?
What did Bobby Moore die from?
Given the reference text below, what is Safer Internet Day?
Given this reference text, what was John Dalberg-Acton's most famous pronouncement, and to whom did he make it?
Given these paragraphs about battery storage power stations, for how long battery power storage was cheaper than open cycle gas turbine power as of 2019?
What type of creatures undergo Metamorphosis?
Who was Margaret Thatcher?
Given this paragraph about full distance ironman competition, how far is each discipline
Given a reference text about Connie Passalacqua Hayman, tell me when and where taught journalism.
Given a reference text about Pablo Picasso, tell me when and where he was born, why he was famous, and what his most famous accomplishment was as a professional
Is there a New York Hotel in Salt Lake City
Given a reference text about bull sharks, tell me the gestation period for bull sharks.
Based on the information provided, what was the controversy surrounding the 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix?
What breed is most likely to win a dog show
Given a reference text about Lotus Mark IX, who designed the car?
Given a reference text bout the Tampa Convention Center, when did it open and how big is it?
Given this paragraph about the Women's Education Association, which institutions of higher learning had affiliations with the Association?
Given this paragraph, who wrote "Greenmantle?"
Which programming languages did Netscape try to add to their browser in order to make it more dynamic?
Given a reference text about Joseph A. Garcia, tell me what high school and college he attended.
Given the reference text about AC Milan, how many FIFA and UEFA trophies have they won?
Given this paragraph about the Mercury Seven. Who did not survive to reach retirement and what was the cause of their death?
Given this reference text about the Grateful Dead, tell me who their keyboard players were over the years.
When was "I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)" released?
How many years has it been since the city of Calcutta was officially renamed Kolkata?
Spanish patatas bravas are potatoes served with a red sauce made with tomatoes and chilis. Could patatas bravas have existed in 1490?
Given a reference text on the beginnings of triathlon, tell me where the event was first held, in what year, and what sport was first in the sequence of the race.
Where was Atlassian founded?
From the paragraph about the painting, "The Little Street", tell me the painting's significance with reference to the Dutch Golden Age in that period.
How is a circular economy different than the USA's economy?
Given this paragraph about KITS, tell me what station it's on and where its radio tower is located.
What is Pinot Grigio?
Given this text, tell me the inventor of the Rueben sandwich and where it was invented.
What was Dick Lammi's most famous work?
What kind of publisher is the American Fantasy Press
Given the passage below, tell me how many Grammy Awards, Emmy Awards, and Billboard Music Awards Taylor Swift has won and how many simultaneous entries she had on the Billboard Global 200 when she had the most simultaneous entries for an artist.
Who won a gold medal alongside Waters in the coxed four?
What is Hinton's citizenship?
Given this reference text about Delta Lambda Phi, during which years was the DLP fraternity not the fastest growing fraternity in the US?
What is the meaning of life?
Why did George HW Bush lose the presidency?
Based on the reference paragraph, when was the 149th Boat Race?
Based on the reference text about coffee, tell me where coffee plants are primarily grown and the most common bean types.
Given this reference text, what are column stores used for?
Given this paragraph about the Republic of Finland becoming a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) what year did it start a formal relations with NATO?
What is Pinot Noir?
What dispatchable source of power on electric grids are faster than battery storage power stations?
Which animal is associated with Chengdu?
Given this paragraph about hockey what are different surfaces that hockey is played on?
Given this paragraph about Jack Kerouac, tell me where he was raised, what was his most famous book, when was that book published, and which movement was he a part of?
How many people live in the city of Oakland in 2022?
Based on this passage about UCLA, tell me the difference between North Campus and South Campus and which residential areas border the campus.
Based on the provided information, when will we achieve AGI?
How many national high school records does Shana Woods currently hold based on the paragraph?
Given a reference text about a singer, tell me when they debuted, what their first release was, and what their most popular song is.
Why did Georges think that Helene redirected her affections towards Walter Rogers?
Given a reference text about the 2008 Pittsburgh Pirates season, what was their record for the season?
What is observer bias
When did the Post Office in Mission Beach first open?
When did Porsche stop producing air-cooled engines in the 911?
Of the cities listed, which was furthest from the station?
Was the hermit hummingbird hawkmoth described in the 20th or 21st century?
Given a reference text about dried spaghetti production, what is required to produce spaghetti without errors?
Which English football club has won the most FA Cup trophies?
Given this paragraph are Beavers the largest living rodents?
What type of products does this company produce?
Tell me about the album The Any Day Now
What is the best private Jesuit research university in Boston ?
Given this reference on Yorkshire Terriers, tell me where they originate from, and what are their typical size and color.
Who is Laika and why is she famous?
Give this paragraph abount Battle of Adwa between Ethiopia and Italy, who were the commanders on Ethiopian side.
Given a reference text about Hackpad, what company acquired it?
To acquire Swedish citizenship by naturalisation what should be the minimum age of the applicant and what documents are required.
What is postmodernism?
What city is WFSD Radio licensed to?
Who recorded the song Ghost Town
What is the solar system?
Who was the first computer programmer?
Who is Silvio Micali?
When did the maximum rate of water usage begin to be mandated?
Given this question about tourism, what country is the 6th most visited country?
From the below text about MS Dhoni, tell me what they were most famous for?
Why is the glass ceiling better for minority women?
What does kwon mean in taekwondo?
Given this paragraph about Twitch, during what year did twitch have more than 100 million viewers per month?
Where was Old French language spoken?
Given a reference text about Joseph Charlton, what college football team did he play for?
How many countries in Europe do have the Euro as monetary currency?
Given this text, summarize the major events in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 game development and release.
Which company built the F-22 Raptor?
Who is Frank Lloyd Wright, and why is he famous?
Given the reference paragraph, when was the CUBC formed?
Given a reference text about the Kumanichi Road Race, tell me when the race was first held and who holds the course records.
Given this paragraph, who wrote "August?"
Based on this paragraph, who directed White Rabbit?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what is the prompting paradigm?
Based on this paragraph, during what year was Hearst born?
Which of the other locations mentioned in this article is closest to Rudzk Duży?
Given the following paragraph, where did House music originate?
Can you name a few of Leonardo's famous works
Given this paragraph about e-readers, what is the e-reader designed and marketed by Amazon?
what is snow skiing
Where are Himayalas located?
What is Violet Jessop well know for?
Based on this passage, what was the first designated space to be established in Roche Percee called? Who established it and in what year?
From this reference text, what political party does Taylor Swift belong to?
Given this reference text about Jimmy John's, where was the original Jimmy John's located?
Given this paragraph about history of China, what is the name of the river that nurtured China's civilization.
Who wrote the TV series Babylon5?
Given a reference text about the Driftwood River, tell me what main river it is part of.
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what is an LLM?
What type of effect does Coffee have on humans?
Based on this passage, what is the median number of people per family in Zangisheh?
Given these paragraphs about the Tesla bot, what kind of tasks is it expected to perform?
Given this paragraph about the Southwestern United States, name the largest cities in that area
Given this paragraph about the first tour de france, who won the first race
What is the origin of man?
Who is Octavia Butler?
What are the features offered by Github Copilot?
Who is the best surfer in the world
Given these paragraphs about Natural hydrogen, what is another name for it that distinguishes from other forms of hydrogen?
What position did Manis Lamond play?
Why did the Prix Lupin not take place from 1915 to 1918?
When was the Tesla Model 3 unit one million sold?
Given a reference text about Patrick James Mara, tell me what he was known for.
Given this paragraph, which highs school did Drake Maye attend?
How old was Pukeiti when he died?
Given the following paragraph about politicians, who was the last surviving person to have been a member of the Irish House of Commons?
What is Milky Way?
In which city is this high school located?
According to this paragraph, did Frederic Foley hold the patent to the Foley catheter?
Given this paragraph about time travel, how practical is it
Who is Evelyn Quan Wang in the move "Everything Everywhere All at Once"?
Given this paragraph, which was built first Disneyland or Disney World?
What is I Liq Chuan?
Given a reference text about Kostas Georgakis, when did he go to Italy and what did he do there?
What is a Roth 401(k)?
Given a reference text about Ihor Lapin, tell me what he did before the war.
Given this paragraph about magnesium, what is the atomic number of magnesium?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what are some examples of emergent abilities?
Does Grigorievna Nazarenko live in Moscow?
Given a reference text about the Falcons, how many Super Bowls have they won in their history?
What is Sensory processing disorder?
Given a reference text about the Battle of Baghaur, tell me who was in the battle and who won.
Given a reference text about Janne Mortil, tell me what she is most known for.
Can Penguins fly?
In which European country is this school located?
Given this paragraph about the Grammy Awards, who has the most Grammys of all time?
Given a reference text about a George Orwell, tell me when and where they were born, what books they wrote, and what their most famous accomplishment were.
What is the meaning of "tidal coupling"?
What are artificial neural networks?
Who wrote Ready Player One?
Given this paragraph about ferrets, do they spend the majority of the time sleeping in a 24 hour day?
Given the referenced text, what Roman Emperor gave Roman Citizenship to all free men?
Who was Beethoven?
What new economies developed because of the anti-slave treaties?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what is hallucination?
Given a reference text about Alberto Michán Halbinger, in what olympics did he compete?
Given a reference text about Michał Rozenfeld, tell me what he did before the war and where he's buried.
Given a reference text about a red letter day, provide an explanation of what it means.
Does Davos have a good hockey team
Who is known as The Invincibles in English football?
Based on the following paragraph on squat lobster fisheries, where do such fisheries exist today?
How many windows does the building have based on the provided paragraph?
Given this paragraph about Hydrogen Storage, what is the hydrogen boiling point?
Tell me about the 1999 UEFA champions league final?
Given these paragraphs about the Tesla bot, where and when was it announced?
What is better: Tiramisu with chocolate or with Strawberries ?
When did the Vietnam War Start?
Given this reference text on the creation of centaurs, where did the mythology originate?
Given a reference text about Justice League Dark, tell me who the main actors are and what roles they played.
Given this paragraph about the planet Jupiter, tell me what it is made of.
Which sub-Saharan colony was the first to gain independence?
Of which generation is Jiang the core leader of China
Given this paragraph about the dimensions of a volleyball court, what is the area of one half of a volleyball court with an explanation of the math behind the calculation.
Given this paragraph about planting and harvesting for peanut butter, when are peanuts typically harvested?
How long did Air Finland operate?
Given this paragraph about the description of wakesurfing, what is needed to generate the wave?
What high school did Tyrone Brazelton go to?
Given a reference text about Giovanni Dominici, when was he beatified?
Given the reference text, where would I be able to find The Oath of Leo III?
Who is Sean Connery?
Given this short paragraph about the life of George K. McGunnegle, how old was he when he retired and what month of the year did that happen?
per this description of the game of fooseball, how many full rotations are allowed in the game at the championship level?
Based on the reference text about the Tampa Bay Rays, what is the name of their stadium and who are their main rivals?
what is the greenest country ion the world
Who did Stafford throw touchdown passes to in Super Bowl LV?
According to this passage, what percent of the lithography machine market do Ultratech, Canon and Nikon, MKS Instruments, Lam Research and Cadence Design Systems have in aggregate?
Where is the Hawkeye Creek Bridge located
Given this paragraph about Thanjavur paintings and its origins, what are the typical features of Thanjavur paintings?
What color is Perpetual Spinach?
What does moha mean
How many teams are in the MLB National League
What do you know about Apache Spark?
Given a reference text about Teodoro "Teddy" de Villa Diaz, tell me how he died and how old he was when he died.
What is one of Poseidon's many powers?
Given this paragraph, where is The Walt Disney Company headquarters?
Given a reference text about Sam McElroy, at what school was he the head football coach and what was his overall record there?
Where is Tamil language spoken?
Given a reference text about N.V. Virgin Express S.A., tell me its main hub and when it was founded.
From the passage provided, extract the difference in caffeine between a light roast and a dark roast.
Given this paragraph about the experiment that led to the discovery of penicillin by Sir Alexander Fleming, tell me upon which types of bacteria penicillin has an anti-bacterial effect, and list the conditions that were necessary for the discovery of penicillin
Given this paragraph about the grand Ethiopian renaissance dam, what is the expected power generation on the latest design.
When was Mar-a-Lago built?
Given this paragraph, how big are the non-volley zones in pickleball and where are they located?
Where is Lugașu de Jos
Where is Smuggler Cove Shell Midden located?
Who was the first couple to win the Nobel prize?
Given a reference text about S26, tell me where it begins and ends.
Given this information about the players championship tournament, what were the weather conditions on March 20th 1977?
According to this paragraph, what records did Stevens break as a basketball coach?
given the following text, tell me the most popular method for training multi-layer perceptrons today and explain how it works
Given a reference text about the Kwahu Plateau, tell me its average and highest elevations.
Given this reference about the Battle of Okinawa during WW2, what was the difference in between the US (77th Infantry Division) and the Japanese casualties and wounded?
What specie is the Anachemmis sober?
Given the reference text about Bodo Tümmler, who was he?
Why is prioritizing diversity hiring in an organization important?
How was art used for manipulative purpose in racial discuss in the 20th century?
What enabled Libya to obtain rapid economic growth prior to 1990?
What's the oldest capital in the world?
Where did David Leatherbarrow receive his PhD from?
Is Horsfieldia nervos a plant or animal?
Is Divine Child High School a private or public school?
Which team was relegated from the league at the conclusion of the 1991 Season?
Is black hole truly black?
Given a reference text about George Watson Buck, tell me where he went to Quaker School and where he got a job in 1807.
How many people died in the Cloquet fire of Illinois according to the text?
Given this paragraph, who was the first person to run the Western States 100 in under 24 hours?
Given a refrence text about The Bobcaygeon Independent, tell me when it was established and when it ceased publication.
When did the golden age for Jewish culture start and where was it?
Was the hermit hummingbird hawkmoth first described in the 18th century or the 19th century?
Given this paragraph, show me how to calculate how many total patrons can be served by all of the Schauspielhaus theaters?
When and where was the field of AI officially born?
Heres a summary of Gioia Del Colle, a town in Italy that I will be traveling to, how should I pack?
Who is István Szalay?
What is a chemical structure?
Why was it unclear who won the race?
Who was Elizabeth II?
Based on the following paragraph on water, what makes water cohesive.
What is the name of the family at the centre of the TV show Succession?
Given this paragraph, who wrote and directed Heads I Win, Tails You Lose
Given this paragraph about London, give me a reason why the London Docklands became a focus for regeneration in the 1980s.
Where will the third Summer Olympic Games be held?
Why do sheep keepers paint their sheep?
Given this reference text about Jane Goodall, tell me how old she is, and her most notable accomplishments.
Given a reference text about LIV Golf, tell me what "LIV" means, when it was started and who financed it.
Given this paragraph about the tour de france, how many riders are in the tour
Given a reference text about Taylor Fritz, tell me what country he's from and his best finish at a Grand Slam tournament?
What was the twist in this short story?
Where in Australia is Palm Cove located?
Based on this passage about Ted Kennedy, at the time of his death, who were the three longest-serving senators of all time?
Whose life is the 1965 film 'The Sound of Music' based on?
Based on the paragraph below, the failure to uphold the commitments outlined in Magna Carta lead to what war?
Which company constructed the Japanese submarine Yu 12?
Given this reference text about Bougainville Island, what is its land area?
When did Christoph Karl von Piacsek serve as a Hungarian officer?
What is a graph in graph theory?
What is pseudoscience?
Given this paragraph about Password-authenticated key exchange, what year were the first provably-secure protocols created?
Is Moore's law still viable?
Given a reference text about José Francisco Miguel António de Mendonça, tell me when he was appointed patriarch and when he died.
Where is the corporate headquarters of Adobe Systems?
Given this paragraph about the domestication of mammals, tell me the earliest known time period in which dairying occurred and also give me the location.
Who were the Ottomans?
Which era of counterculture were the Beatles pivotal to?
Given a reference text about Listeriosis, tell me how how the bacterium is transfered into animals, and people.
Where can I find Leptodactylus tapiti?
Explain the Montessori Method of education in pre-school and kindergarten
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what popular neural network architecture architecture are they based on?
Why was Tamazulapam del Espíritu Santo placed under quarantine?
Based on the information below, when might people have started baking bread?
Can animals like dog and cat get Kidney Stones ?
Given a reference text about Mikel Artetxe Guezuraga, tell me when he turned professional and what his biggest wins are.
Using this paragraph about Matt Eskandari, did Matt Eskandri make any films before Victim?
Given the following paragraph, where did the L'Aquila earth occur?
What channel did the series begin on?
What marathon did the first woman officially finish, based on the paragraph.
Who is Ibrahima Tamba?
Given this text, what are the oldest and newest major territories of the United States?
Given a reference text about George Koukou, tell me when he was arrested and why.
What was Barthelemy Hus-Desforges famous for
Does Indermaur work as CTO, CEO, or CFO?
Given this text, what is the third wealthiest state in the USA?
Given this paragraph about the Roman temple known as the Pantheon, tell me whether we definitively know why the temple was called the Pantheon.
What is Venture Capital?
Given a reference text about the Northern Colorado Bears, tell me the different conferences their teams compete in.
What is the male population in Madaria?
Given this paragraph about Corsica, when was Napoleon Bonaparte born and where?
Given this paragraph about the movie 'The Bridge on the River Kwai', why did the writers have to work in secret?
What is the largest fresh water lake?
Where is Stargate Command located in the Stargate universe.
Based on the given text, do beavers eat wood or do they only chop down trees for dams?
Given these paragraphs about the founding of Tesla, who else part from Elon Musk and J. B. Straubel are co-founders of Tesla?
What is the history of Afrobeats?
Given this article about Operation Aurora, Which nation was beleived to be behund the attacks?
Who was Singhari Shyamasundar Kar
Based on this paragraph, where was the The Ford Telstar sold?
How many member states does the European Union have?
Given a reference text about Wagyu, tell me the different types of cattle that are together known as wagyu.
What was the record for University of Miami Hurricanes in 1980?
Given this paragraph, how much control of the world's cocaine market did the Cali Cartel have at its peak?
When was hailstorm island first photographed given this text
Is there any benefit to pain?
Given a reference text about the incudomalleolar joint, tell me its main function.
What's Jiang's theoretical contribution?
What is a nickname of Jiang Zemin
Given the reference text below, what is Isthmohyla debilis?
Given this reference text about cargo ships, when was the USS West Gate launched?
What is Age of Empires?
What is the population of North Carolina?
Given the reference text about the city of Cologne and its wildlife, can I expect to see any cats in Cologne?
Which full-frame mirrorless camera was first available in the market?
What does the Obilic Medal commemorate?
Based on the reference text, what does the champion of the Masters Tournament receive?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what are relevant dimensions influencing the skill with which they accomplish tasks, and the range of tasks at which they are capable?
How many points did Jaromír Jágr score in the 1995-1996 season?
per the context given, how would illiterate politicians able to vote?
What genus are beavers a part of?
Given this paragraph about the demographics of Osaka, what was the highest number of residents ever recorded to be living in Osaka at any one point in time?
How many books did Dr Seuss write?
How long does it take to recover from a sinus infection?
Which parks are popular in London?
Given this paragraph about Chinese cuisine, tell me what are the sub-cuisines, and what made them different.
Which temple was the first female holocaust survivor ordained as a rabbi?
Which two people are depicted by carved heads near the windows?
Based on this paragraph, who was Donald Trump's physician during 2018 to 2021?
Given this reference text, give me a list of all the schools attended by Tripp.
What color is Lavendar?
what is use of cryogenics in virology ?
When did Maggie Wilson first appear on TV?
What train is the GB Class 2
Where did Waldo E. Koop work?
What is the biggest strength of Hong Kong journalists
Given this paragraph from Wikipedia, what was Alan Wolffe's primary research interest?
Given this plot summary from The Night Buffalo, what caused Manuel to discover these occurrences caused by his late friend?
Who is J.K.Rowling?
Given this paragraph on Macquarie University Real Tennis Club, please tell me how many tennis courts the club had.
How was the Iraqi embassy in Beirut destroyed?
Given this paragraph about the founding of Tesla, who was the chairman of the board of directors as of March 2004?
How did Jon Rahm win the Farmers Insurance Open?
Who is the Chinese Li Xueju
Given a reference text about Shivaji, tell me when they were born, when they died, what their most notable accomplishment and what people called them post-death.
Given this paragraph, explain who Robert Kiyosaki is?
What are the four major subregions in Central Otago?
Given a reference text about spaghetti, what shape is it, where did it originate, and are there any variations of it?
Given this paragraph about Fyre Festival, would you say that it was a successful event?
Given the reference text below the eruption of Mount Vesuvius, how high was the mountain after the disaster?
How is Tesla's approach to full autonomy is different from the other companies?
Given a reference text about Britney Spears, tell me when they were born and why they are famous.
Given a reference text about James Henry Richards, tell me what sport he played, where he was born and where he died.
Given a reference text about In the House, when was it originally on TV and what channel played it?
Which state is named in the passage?
Given this paragraph about heart, for how many deaths (in %) as of 2008 do cardiovascular diseases account for?
Given this paragraph, what is the recommended daily value of magnesium for women in the UK?
Given this paragraph about the 2011 NBA Finals, who won the championship and the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player award?
Given a reference text about Tom Brady, tell me when they were born and what they are famous for.
What college did David Gilhooly go to?
Given a reference text about Pampaneira, tell me how many people live there, where it's located, and its elevation above sea level.
In what month did Jens Stub die?
What is Cricket in sports?
What's unique about it and why is it famous?
Is Mount Saint Helens still active?
Based on this paragraph, what was Joe Biden's mother's maiden's name, what city was he born in, how many siblings did he have growing up, and what religion was he as a child?
When is the best time to go to Wallis and Futuna
Given a reference text about phrynobatrachus tokba, what are common names for it?
Based on this passage, how many miles did Gorbachev walk each week for his round trip commute to school?
Given this paragraph about the JW Marriott building in Downtown Houston, what was the framing made of and how tall was it?
Did Billy Corgan really play all of the instruments on Smashing Pumpkin's 1993 album "Siamese Dream"?
Which are most valuable corporate brands in the world
Name China's greatest events happened when Jiang was in charge
Given this summary of The Eye of Heaven, what kind of ship did they find in the Arctic?
What game was the animated series Tank Knights Fortress based on?
What are main vegetables in V8 juice?
What are the major innovations and scientific discoveries from UC Berkeley?
Given a reference text that provides the geographical description of continent Asia, how many Asian countries have a part of their land in Europe as well?
Given this paragraph about composer Arvo Pärt, tell me where and when he studied composition and with which teacher.
Who is Rihanna?
Does Irina Korzhanenko still have her gold medal?
Who was chairman of the board of directors of Tesla as of March 2004?
From the text below about the history of peanut butter, where can the first reference be traced from?
Given this paragraph about magnesium, what is the element symbol of magnesium?
Given the reference text, what is log rotation in information technology?
What is Merlot?
When did Arsenal first reach the first division? How many league titles did they win between 1989 and 2005 and how many FA cups? How many trophies in total for that period?
Given this reference text about the career of Charles Henry Bromedge Caldwell, name the ships he commanded after his promotion to the rank of Commander.
What type of terrain is a gravel bike used for?
Given a reference text about Our Common Future, what was the purpose of the report?
What is the biggest passenger airliner?
Given this paragraph about Michel Warschawski, tell me the two organizations that Warschawski led during his life.
Based on this paragraph about Brazilian jiu-jitsu. which martial arts influenced Jiu-Jitsu.
how many strings guitar have?
how guitar projects sound?
what are different types of guitar?
Given this reference paragrah, who directed "The Man in the Saddle?"
What is the largest city in the world?
Given the reference text below, what is Air Jordan?
What sound was 'This Mortal Coil' known for?
Given this paragraph about Singapore, who was Singapore's first president?
Given the reference text about Mother Teresa's international charity, how many languages did Mother Teresa speak?
Based on the reference text, what colors do the Tampa Bay Rowdies wear and what stadium do they play in?
Is the capital city and the largest city of Chile same or different?
Given a reference text about Elk Grove, what state is it located in and about how many people live there?
How many titles have Liverpool won?
Is the person who invented bitcoin Japanese?
What is the name of William Gibson's first comic book series?
What are all the different names for COVID-19 and which one is the most recommended?
Given the passage about churches built in the village of Zijldijk in the Netherlands, when was the only running church built?
Where is the Black See?
Is the language spoken in Kerala a palindrome?
Given this paragraph about rivers in Europe, tell me what are the two longest rivers in Europe.
Given this paragraph about muscle strains and that my symptoms include severe and acute pain with movement limitations, how bad is my strain?
Is Hainanese chicken rice a national dish of Singapore or Malaysia?
Given this reference paragraph about Roger Franklin Bonk where was he born?
Given a reference text about Jeremiah Mutwalante Twa-Twa, when and where was he born?
Who wrote the TV show Fleabag?
What horsepower does a BMW 1250GS produce
What is TSA?
What is the smallest bird?
What are the causes of population growth in the Sun Belt in the US?
Given this paragraph about hedgehogs, why are they different from porcupines?
How many teams are in the MLB American League
Given this paragraph about Nicaraguan nationality law, with which countries can Nicaraguan citizens obtain dual citizenship?
What are the common toppings that can go on a hotdog?
Where is Amazon rainforest located?
Which Shakespeare play inspired West Side Story?
Given the reference text below, what is a GATR?
The United States has the most tornadoes of any country, nearly four times more than estimated in all of Europe then why does most death related to tornadoes occur in Bangladesh
What city in Ireland is the band U2 from?
Given this paragraph about the climate in Fairmont, West Virginia, what was the coldest month in the city's history, and what was the average temperature during that month?
Who is Ramona Singer?
Give an example of places where astronauts are trained?
How was the universe created?
Given this paragraph about a Civil Rights Leader, tell me when they were born, their occupation, and a famous accomplishment.
Who is Solveig Margrete Fiske
In which movie or plot the character vedimuthu was established
Given this paragraph about the human brain, how does my brain know that I'm touching something hot?
What is Halt and Catch Fire about?
Where is Galapogas Island located? What is the area of Galapogas? How many islands are there in total? When was the first island formed? What are few Volcanos in Galapogas?
Which was the longest Wimbledon men's final?
Given this paragraph, what are the two Kingdoms that used Bangkok as their capital city.
Given a reference text about the blood hammer phenomenon, tell me the background of the term "blood-hammer".
Given a reference text about the rock band Pink Floy: What was the name of Pink Floyd's last album and when was it released?
Is Bullimore a first name?
Given a reference text about the Victoria Inn, who built it and when was it sold?
What are all the different ways of saying customer lifetime value?
Given this paragraph about Arlington, Virginia, what are the 3 public high schools in Arlington?
What percentage of the world's population did the British Empire hold sway over?
here is some text about Grand-Lahou Department, What year did Grand-Lahou become part of Lagunes District?
How long does it typically take a battery storage power station to transition to full power from standby?
When was Kyoto the capital of Japan?
Given a reference text about Charles Wing Krafft, tell me where he was born and his occupation.
What was Nikola Poplašen's profession?
Given this short paragraph about the L-21 submarine, what was an example of an improvement made compared to earlier versions?
What is First-stage boot loader
Given this paragraph about the longest living person, what was their name and when were they born?
Was Richard Nixon born in California?
Given the reference text about Karl Marx, tell me when he died, what subjects he studied and at which universities he studied.
Given the following paragraph about the nutrition profile of peanut butter, what minerals is peanut butter rich in?
Given this paragraph, what is the strongest part of the scapholunate ligament?
Given this paragraph, what is an important function of the London Assembly?
When was Telangana created?
Given this paragraph, what is the definition of Long short-term memory ?
What is ECharts Java?
Given a reference text about GDPR, tell me how GDPR helps to secure personal data.
Given this paragraph about a Tree well, why is it so dangerous for hikers, snowboarder, skiers and any snow practitioners
When did Confinity become eBay ?
What is Google Sheets and how does it compatible with Microsoft Excel?
Given this paragraph, what key crops were not available in Europe before the colonization of the New World?
Given this reference test, what is the daily recommended value of magnesium for men in the U.S.?
What is Cabernet Sauvignon?
Based on this paragraph about a singer, how many top-ten singles has Rihanna had in the United States?
Is Seattle a nice place to live?
Given the reference text below, tell me when did the Seattle Seahawks win the Super Bowl, who they played against in the final game, and what was the final score.
Which major countries border Mongolia?
Give me a bulleted list of Aaron Fenster's accomplishments.
Who was Charles Stuart, Duke of Cambridge
Given this paragraph about Berwick, what was its population during the most up to date census?
Given the following paragraph, what university has evidence of teaching as early as 1096?
Why do eucalyptus trees have such an excellent aroma?  Is there any other uses for Eucalyptus?
Given a reference text about Reginaldo de França Lopes, tell me what sport and position he played and when he retired.
Given this paragraph about computers, what is the first RISC system?
Given this reference text, tell me what the foundational BJJ concept was
What international trophy did the Club Africain football team won in 1971 ?
Was Endless Nights released in November or December?
The reduction in wild grain populations lead to what type of crop being cultivated?
What is game theory?
How many total soldiers sustained non-fatal injuries during WWI?
Given a reference text about the history of the workweek, what social forces precipitated the creation of a five-day workweek in the United States and when?
Give this paragraph about TCP/IP, what are the four abstraction laters?
Given this paragraph, tell me the storyline of Sabapathy.
What is a PFD?
Given this reference text that describes the importance of tigers in chinese culture, what do they symbolize in modern China and what types were common in the northeast?
What is an onigiri made of?
What is special about the number 1729?
What sacrifices did Ons's parents make to help her tennis career?
In which country did the M&NA railroad exist.
How big is Reef manta rays
Given the reference text about The Masters, where is the tournament played and what is the name of the golf course?
Given the below reference text about Luftwaffe, tell me for how many years was this military organisation active officially in Germany?
Based on this paragraph, what was the name of Jesse LaFollette's mother?
Given this paragraph on the Persian language, which are the 2 sub groups of the Western Iranian language?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what is Instruction tuning?
Measured in feet, what was the length of the gun barrel produced by Philip Webley & Son of Birmingham discussed in the above passage?
What is a "love hotel"?
According to this paragraph, when was the university of virginia founded?
Given a reference text about Konstantin Konstantinovich Sluchevsky, tell me where he was born and where he studied.
Given this paragraph about the original church in Guston in 1892, what were the two ways that were used to announce the beginning of services?
Based on this article, what is a potential weakness of traditional military camouflage?
What does the term "tulip mania" mean?
How to skip rope?
Given the following paragraph, where was Omar ibn Said born?
Based on this paragraph from Wikipedia, where was Jerry Garcia born, how many fingers did he have, and where did he attend college?
Based on this paragraph, what industry did Gardiner Hall create a business in and how was it impacted by the Civil War?
Given a reference text about Nicholas Theodore, tell me where he went to medical school and  what he is known for.
What is the largest city in the United Kingdom?
Who is David Oliver Siegmund
What was the first road trip after Elson joined Indiana University?
Given a reference text about IMDB, tell me how it rates movies.
Given this paragraph about the Gusii language, what do they call sandals in Tabaka Kenya?
Given a reference text about True Corporation Public Company Limited, tell me what country it's in and how it was formed.
If it's called "free" climbing, why do climbers use gear to climb?
Where does this company produce its products?
Who was injured or killed and in what ways in the accidents?
Based on the following paragraph on drinking water, is there a risk of drinking too much water during exercising?
Given this paragraph about skydiving, give me the average time skydiver spends in freefall.
Given this reference test, what is the daily recommended amount of magnesium for women in the U.S.?
What percent of the population were Hungarian?
What kind of guitar pick did Stevie Ray Vaughan prefer?
Is Chi Kraeng River in South America, Southeast Asia, or Australia?
Who is Mariano Sánchez?
Wat is goede vrijdag?
Where is the Kilwa Tanga
Given a reference text about Lee Kuan Yew, tell me when they were born, when they were president, and what their most famous accomplishment was in office.
What is Chardonnay?
In which country are the world's four busiest commuter rail stations located?
Given this reference text about the Flex Computer System, why was it created?
Given this paragraph about National Beer Day in the United States, which president signed National Beer Day into law?
According to this paragraph, how many NCAA championships has UVA won?
Given a reference text about the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) awards, tell me how many albums need to be sold to get an award.
Tell me about the career of Erik Dekker
Given a reference text about parks in Edina, determine the average size of its parks.
Is the blue-ring octopus harmless?
Given this paragraph about battles during India Independence day, what was the date when India win the Independence
When was Galaga released?
Who is Asa Wood?
Luka Modrić (Croatian pronunciation: [lûːka mǒːdritɕ]; born 9 September 1985) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for La Liga club Real Madrid and captains the Croatia national team. He plays mainly as a central midfielder, but can also play as an attacking midfielder or as a defensive midfielder. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest midfielders of all time, and as the greatest ever Croatian footballer.

Born in Zadar, Modrić's childhood coincided with the Croatian War of Independence which displaced his family. In 2002, he was signed by Dinamo Zagreb at age 16, after showing promise with his hometown club NK Zadar's youth team. He continued his development in Zagreb, before spells on loan to Zrinjski Mostar and Inter Zaprešić. He made his debut for Dinamo in 2005 and won three consecutive league titles and domestic cups, being named the Prva HNL Player of the Year in 2007. In 2008, he moved to Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur for a club-record transfer fee of £16.5 million, where he led Spurs to their first UEFA Champions League appearance in almost 50 years, reaching the quarter-finals of the 2010–11 tournament.

In the summer of 2012, Modrić joined Real Madrid for a £30 million transfer fee. There he became a key contributor and helped the team win La Décima and was selected for the 2013–14 Champions League squad of the season. After Zinedine Zidane took over Madrid, Modrić was critical to three consecutive Champions League titles from 2015–16 to 2017–18, each time being voted into the squad of the season. He has won twenty-two major trophies at Real Madrid, including five UEFA Champions League titles, three La Liga titles, one Copa del Rey, four Supercopa de España titles, four UEFA Super Cup titles and five FIFA Club World Cup titles. He won the La Liga Award for "Best Midfielder" in 2016 for the second time, and the UEFA Club Football Award for "Best Midfielder" in 2017 and 2018. In 2015, he became the first Croatian player to be included in the FIFA FIFPRO World 11, in which he was regularly included until 2019 and then again in 2022, as well in the UEFA Team of the Year between 2016 and 2018. In 2018, Modrić became the first Croatian player to win the UEFA Men's Player of the Year Award, and by winning The Best FIFA Men's Player and Ballon d'Or awards, he became the first player other than Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo to claim the awards in more than a decade. In 2019, he was awarded the Golden Foot award for career results and personality.

Modrić made his international debut for Croatia against Argentina in March 2006, and scored his first international goal in a friendly match against Italy. Modrić has anchored Croatia's "second Golden Generation", participating in every major tournament Croatia has qualified for, including the UEFA Euro 2008, 2012, 2016, and 2020, as well as the 2006, 2014, 2018, and 2022 FIFA World Cup. At the Euro 2008, he was selected for the Team of the Tournament, becoming only the second Croatian to ever achieve this honour. Following group stage eliminations in his first two World Cups, Modrić led Croatia to the 2018 World Cup Final, winning the Golden Ball in process. At the following tournament, he led the team to a third-place finish, winning the Bronze Ball in process. In March 2021, he went on to become the country's most capped player in history. Furthermore, he has been named Croatian Footballer of the Year a record eleven times between 2007 and 2022.
What is a Japanese dish of prepared rice, usually with some sugar and salt, accompanied by a variety of ingredients, such as seafood, often raw, and vegetables?
Which DJ Introduced BeatBullyz on the BBC Introducting stage?
Who was the highest-paid College president in 2003-2004 in U.S.?
Why was Advani concerned about Modi’s appointment as a chief minister of Gujarat?
here is a short history of Plainview – Old Bethpage John F. Kennedy High School, which color was changed when the name changed in 1991?
Given this reference text, why and when did Coke use Splenda as a sweetener in diet Coke?
Given these paragraphs about Natural hydrogen, what are other forms of hydrogen obtained using different processes?
Is simul climbing more dangerous for the leader or the follower?
What was the most expensive car ever sold at auction
Who is Steven Spielberg?
Given this paragraph about Pharaohs, when the title used to address the kings of egypt
When was Santa Monica founded?
Given this paragraph about Arlington Virginia, how many elementary schools are there in the county's public education system?
During WWII, how many Japanese Americans were forcibly relocated and incarcerated?
Given this paragraph about pyramids , when was the first pyramid built?
Given this paragraph about composer Paul Lansky, did he have an advanced degree?
According to this paragraph, what are the "Old Dorms" at the University of Virginia?
Given a reference text about a snowball effect, tell me how it applies to aerospace engineering.
Given a reference text about the Davie School, tell me when it was added to the register of historic places and when it was open and closed..
In a concise bulleted list, tell me what audiologists do when they are seeing a patient
Given this paragraph, what were the regional release dates for Viva Piñata: Party Animals?
Given this paragraph about Vice-Admiral Alexander Colville, tell me when he died and what battles he fought in.
How many years was Hutchinson's streak, and what caused it to end?
What awards did Bill Murray receive for Lost in Translation?
Given this paragraph about video game consoles, when was the Nintendo DS released?
What is on the DVD Our Favorite Things
Who is the largest coatings company in the world by revenue?
Where did Allen Eager grow up?
Given this reference text about the Catholic University of America, tell me when it was established, where it is located, and who founded it.
Given this paragraph on French Revolution, what were the main causes
What is the United States Bill of Rights?
What does Korla stand for?
What is Github Copilot?
Given this paragraph, what is the size in acres of Walt Disney World?
Given this paragraph about hickory wood, tell me what sporting equipment it might be used for.
Based on this paragraph about Massimo Bray, what language do you think he writes in?
Given this paragraph about the prehistory of Sri Lanka, what are the evidence for prehistoric human colonization in Sri Lanka?
What was Jiang's previous position before becoming the president of China?
Which fictional LAPD detective is Titus Welliver known for playing?
Given this paragraph about ESPN's SportsCenter in 2009, in what west coast city did ESPN begin producing it's 1:00 a.m. Eastern Time edition of SportsCenter?
Based on this passage, in what field did Raisa earn her PhD?
Given this paragraph about the Pearl Mill Village Historic District, tell me where it is located.
Given this text about Major League Baseball, how many games do teams play in the regular season and how many games are played in the World Series.
Given this short paragraph about Belize, how many people live there and what is notable about its population density?
How did Washington become a state?
Where was Mazzy Star formed?
Given the reference text about Rafael Nadal, tell me how many singles grand slam titles he has won, which grand slam tournament he has won the most, and the main strength of his tennis game.
here is a blurb about byte pair encoding for encryption, what benefits does this concept have besides compression?
What is Schalke 04 famous for?
What magazine was Alex Prager the director of Photography for?
Given the reference text about The Sun Also Rises, when was the book written and who wrote it?
Where did the first limited-overs cricket match take place?
When was the Stansfeld's death
How are racial categories used historically?
Given this paragraph about the Ain Elzarga Wetland, why is this location one of the most important wetlands in the region?
Given the reference text below, what is the official name of the church San Vincenzo?
What caused the unprecedented five-game winning streak?
Who wrote Howl's Moving Castle?
Given a reference text about Friedrich Rudolf Ludwig Freiherr von Canitz, when and where was he born?
What class of locomotive was the No. 13?
Is Realpolitik diplomacy strategy based on pragmatism or idealism?
Given this paragraph about Mahatma Gandhi, can you tell me why did he go to London?
Given the below text, how many days did it take for Captain Lewis to sail the Borneo from Banjarmasin to Madras? Explain how you did this calculation
Given these paragraphs about Multiomics, what is a typical advantage of single-cell multiomics versus bulk analysis?
How to play chess
Given this article, what is the largest size for a dead man zone?
Who are Industrial Light and Magic?
Who won the 2008 Democratic primary that Martin Connor competed in?
How old was Stefan Richarz when he received his phD?
Do you know the species Etlingera diepenhorstii
Given a reference text about Former Indian Prime Minister Shri P.V Narasimha Rao, tell me when they were born, when they were Prime Minister and their most significant accomplishments in office
Given a reference text about Dunkirk, tell me what schools are located in the area.
What is the colloquial term for LSD?
Given this paragraph about the origin of zero, in which century did it first make an appearance in India?
Given a reference text about the history of Real Madrid Football Club, tell me the year it was founded and the name of its current stadium.
Given this paragraph about Riot Games' history, which game was used an indication that games could be supported and monetized long-term?
Given a reference text about twitter, how many accounts were estimated to be fake?
Where is Jon Rahm from?
Based on this information given, what groups combined to create the New JEWEL Movement, and on what date were they organized by which leader?
Based on this article, what countries have implemented the use of a dead man zone?
What's West High School located?
Given a reference text about Putlacheruvu, how many canals are there and what are they used for?
Given a reference text about Tiger Woods, tell me when they were born, what their real first name is, and what profession his niece has.
What is Matong
Given this paragraph, in which categories did Everything Everywhere All At Once win an Oscar and how many Academy Awards did the film win in total?
Is Nnedi Okorafor an American?
Who is Romain Iannetta
Given this paragraph about Selena Gomez, how many siblings does she have?
Given the paragraph about the Grateful Dead, tell me when they were founded, who were the original members, and what other members were in the group.
Is the glass ceiling real?
Given this paragraph about Pandora, what was the initial group name of Pandora musical group?
How is Toshiyuki written?
Given this passage about the human heart, tell me about the major structural features of the human heart as well as the primary purpose of the organ.
Where is Pompeii located?
What did Gary C. Butler do?
Who first used the term "glass ceiling"?
Based on this paragraph about dogs, what is a companion dog?
Who is the founder of the I Liq Chuan martial art?
Given these paragraphs about Natural hydrogen, what is it?
What is TIDB
When did mountain biking start?
What are some examples of low-flow fixtures?
Given a reference text about Isabel Emily Jay, tell me where she studied and how old she was when she retired.
According to this paragraph about UVA, tell me how much of UVA's academic budget foes to endowment and gifts?
Is Bristol a large city
Who directed the Lost in Translation movie?
How long was the Nazi German battleship Bismarck active during WWII?
Given this paragraph about the town of Birkenhead, what the does the name Birkenhead probably mean?
Where is Black Oak?
How many and which states were US Colonies?
What is Southern Charm the TV Show?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wissam_Ben_Yedder#Club
Given this paragraph about British Shorthairs, what are the typical characteristics of this cat breed's temperament?
Given this paragraph that describes the country of Peru, what is its population size?
What is the most common air or gas mixture used in recreational scuba diving.
What are the origins or surfing in California?
Although Chicago isn't located on either coast of the United States, what factors continue to contribute to its economic success?
Given this paragraph about a country, what is the most populous Spanish-speaking country?
What is the oldest incorporated academy in the united states, with multiple u.s. presidents as alumni?
Who is the singer in Bon Iver?
Given this paragraph about South Korea, which body of water forms the country's western border and which body of water borders it's eastern border?
Who created Final Fantasy?
Given the paragraph around Star Trek starships, which is the fastest.
Based on this paragraph about dogs, what is a French Bulldog?
How far did Oskar Dillon kick in the winning goal at the NPL Queensland championship?
How long did the Henry Holst String Quartet last with its original group of members based on this text? Explain your work.
Given this paragraph on Mercury-Redstone 1, how many people were on the MR-1 when the launched failed, and when was the launch?
How many cycling world championships has Peter Sagan won?
When was Franz Kafka born and who was he?
From this paragraph about Taylor Swift, how many AMAs has she won.
Given this paragraph about marathon, what is the distance covered in kilometres and what are the most common ways to complete one?
What is one of the first recorded mentions of the sauna in Finnish literature?
What kind of animal is the Iolaus crawshayi
How many times did Jorge compete in the Olympics?
Given these paragraphs about battery storage power stations, what was the levelized cost of electricity from battery storage as of 2020?
What is a clique in graph theory?
Given the following paragraph about Latin Text, what does "Dona nobis pacem" mean in English?
What is Gobekli Tepe?
How much has the population of Puerto Rico been growing?
What was Goff's best game mentioned in the text?
here is a blurb about the 98th Illinois General Assembly, what were the notable laws that were passed?
Based on the reference text about McDonalds, tell me what year it was founded, how many daily customers they have, and their best selling product.
How do formula one cars generate downforce?
Given this summary of the movie Short Circuit, how can we conclude that what happened to number 5 was truly a miracle of life that manifested sentience, rather than a computer malfunction?
When was Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj born?
When was Lee Kuan Yew born and when did he rule as the Prime Minister of Singapore?
Based on the paragraph below, which are the most and least popular National Parks in the US?
What is graph theory?
Given a reference text about the Salt River, tell me how long the river is and where it starts and finishes.
Based on this paragraph about the Ming treasure voyages, who commanded the fleet?
What is MGMT's most popular album
Given this paragraph about Jiu-Jitsu, who taught Carlos Gracie.
What was the Tower Chowk renamed?
Given a reference text about Philip, Duke of Parma, who were his parents?
Who was the first African American to go to space?
Given this text about the Major League Baseball, where do Major League Baseball teams play spring training games and why.
Who wrote Jane Eyre?
Given this paragraph about stainless steel, which of the two series contains the most nickel content?
What band sings the song "My Own Worst Enemy"?
Given this paragraph about roasting peanuts to make peanut butter, what temperature are peanuts roasted using the batch method in celsius?
What about the battle of Salamis (fought in 480 BC), do many historians believe make it one of the most significant battles of human history?
Why is a meme compared to a gene?
How many parts did O.J.: Made in America have, and could a documentary with the same length win an Oscar today?
Given this paragraph, in what part of England does the River Thames flow, and what is its length in kilometres?
Given the following paragraph on gene regulation, what are operons and where do they occur?
When did King Charles II return to Navarre?
Who was Alexander the Great?
Which family of moth does the Euxoa brevipennis belong to?
What is Ontology?
What is the net worth of one of Taylor Swift's cats?
Based on the reference text, who won the men's 2022 FIFA World Cup and where was it located?
Why should I watch ice hockey
Who are the Green Bay Packers and who owns them?
Based on the paragraph below, what bone was used to estimate the height of William the Conquerer?
Which year was quantum computer demonstrated to be possible?
How much PVC produced each year?
Given this paragraph about Dill Records, tell me when the group made CDs and who started the record label.
Given a reference text, who is the Ryder Cup named after?
Tell me about the play Die Schutzbefohlenen
Which English football team have held the FA cup the longest?
Based on this passage, how many Boeing 747s are required to ship 10 of ASML's best-selling EUVs?
What is Bubble tea?
When was the attack on Pearl Harbor
Given this paragraph about the Northamptonshire County Cricket Club, can you list down some points that can be inferred about the County Championship?
Who is the protagonist in CyberPunk 2077?
If the Curated Golden Square was built as planned, what would the average cost (rounded to the nearest dollar) per square foot have been?
How to play tic-tac-toe
What is the origin of the Easter Egg in video games?
Given a reference text about the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, how is the position appointed?
Given this paragraph about kubernetes, what is the storage layer of Kubernetes control plane?
Which states produced more than 10% of total US oil production in 2020?
Given a reference text about Adventfjorden, how wide and long is it?
Where does the name of the UK county 'Essex' originate from?
Which era of counterculture were the Beatles pivotal to?
Based on the reference text about Bruce Nodwell, what did he create?
What made Jackson decide to pursue acting?
Given a reference text about the Mid-South Grizzlies vs NFL, what was the result of the lawsuit?
Given this paragraph about Novak Djokovic, how many majors titles does he currently hold?
Given these paragraphs about Multiomics, what is panomics?
What caused Africa's integration into the Roman System?
What was the hit single on Nek's 1996 Album Lei, gli amici e tutto il resto?
Where can you find Lygodactylus gutturalis?
How long did the Roman Empire last
Given this paragraph about cat's senses, what light level can domestic house cats see at in comparison to human sight?
What is an expert system, and when did they first emerge?
Name someone who helped to stash national treasures during a war, so irreplaceable items would not fall into the hands of the enemy or become lost
What is a small-world network?
How many years were Ian Kemps masterly culmination of his career at Manchester?
When was Suntory established?
Given a reference text about the American Society for Clinical Investigation (ASCI), what research does the society support?
Based on this paragraph about religions of the world, what are the "big five" religions?
Which is the most populous city in the United States
Who are the rivals of the Air Force Falcons Football team?
What is the population of Breezy Point city in Minnesota?
Given a reference text about David Allan Farrish, tell me how many games he played in the NHL.
tell me about the three body problem novel
Given this paragraph about autonomous buildings, why would they be safer during a military attack?
Given a reference text about "More", when was it the top song on Christian radio and how long did it maintain its spot?
When did Finland and Sweden join NATO?
What is the Maurice Richard Trophy
Is he still an active football player?
What is the stone age?
Who produced the song Polly?
Is Maison Ikkoku a manga series
Is Belgrandia varica found in Europe or Australia?
Based on the provided text, what technology rendered Extended ASCII obsolete?
According to this paragraph, what was the most common type of castle in England following the Norman Conquest?
What does the acronym IMET stand for?
Given this reference text about beneficence, what can I do to ensure compliance to the beneficence concept?
Tell me about Hong Kong
Given a reference text about Puerto Rico, tell me if it is a State, are its resident US citizens, and if they pay US taxes.
Who is the psychologist Jonathan Young
Given this text about speakers of varieties of Louisiana French, has the number of French speakers in Texas increased or decreased since the middle of the twentieth century?
What happens during the section called "Giggle Box"?
Given this paragraph about computer engineering, what is RISC?
What record label did 101 Damnations go through?
Who introduced primogeniture into East Frisia?
Given a reference text about Lasantha Rodrigo, tell me how long he worked as a mechanical engineer and who worked for.
Who was Lester Menke
When was the Bitcoin white paper released?
Who won the 2016 Nobel Prize?
What does FAS, MTO and ATO stand for?
Which movie was originally declared the winner for Best Picture?
Where can you find Anostraca?
What type of screen is typically on a Handheld device?
Approximately how much cashmere is produced each year?
Given a reference text about No Longer at Ease, tell me the name of the book that precedes it in the trilogy.
Which duke visited Swarcliffe Hall in 1888?
What is the formal definition of a large language model?
Given this summarized version of the Legend of the Christmas Spider, what turned the spider webs into precious metals?
Why was there a lockout during the 1998-1999 NBA season?
What do you do as a player playing RollerCoaster Tycoon 2?
What is High-functioning autism?
How many of the Lira satellites were successful?
What is Lawson in Japan?
What is the history of the travelling salesman problem throughout the years in a short bulleted list?
When did Google purchase YouTube
Given this paragraph about video games, when was the Legend of Zelda originally released?
given this reference text about 1891 Cypriot legislative election, What caused the non-Muslim seats to drop in 1886 to 10,030?
Given this paragraph, who was Ayrton Senna's teammate at McLaren-Honda?
Given a reference text about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, provide a bulleted list of the main elements of the act.
Given these paragraphs, tell me what a recurrent neural network , and how it differs from a convolutional neural network.
Given this paragraph about video games in the Netherlands, how many people work in the games industry?
What is the negative side effect of the "fire power" on Fargus?
Given a reference tax about a footballer, tell me when they were born, what is their nationalities and which years they won the FIFA World cup.
Given a reference text about refugees, tell me about refugee camps.
Given this paragraph about London, give me one reason why epidemics were spread in London.
What did Stryk study at the Technical University of Munich?
How old was Josh Logan when Gunshy released its album?
Who won the 2000 World Series?
Given the following paragraph, how tall is the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
Does Singapore have more than five official languages?
Given a reference text about Mushulatubbee, when did he sign the Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek
Why was Antestor known as sorrow metal?
What is significant about Octavia Butler?
What direction did Italy Avenue go in Uruguay per this block of text?
Given a reference text about the electrolytic detector, when was it replaced and what replaced it?
Given the reference text about the Amazon Rainforest, where is it located, including all countries it spreads across, how large is it, and how many people reside within it?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what are "emergent abilities"?
Given this reference text, what sport other than baseball did David Ortiz play growing up, how many children did his parents have, and what age is he today?
What album by Trans-X was released in 1983 and how many songs were on it?
What is Oxygen Not Included?
Given this paragraph about Computer Worm history, tell me the name of the earliest computer worm that caused damages to many computers on the Internet and the date when it was unleashed by his creator.
Based on the paragraph below, please list out the 2 major causes supported by Kelly Slater.
Have you heard of Malibamat'so River and where does it flow?
What was the The McIntosh County Seat War
Given a reference text about Margot Robbie, tell me when they were born and what they are famous for.
Who finished the Wheel of Time series?
Given this reference text, in which year was the youth novel by R.M. Ballantyne - which inspired Golding's first novel - written?
What did Deneen do in her teens?
When was the french revolution
Given a reference text about Sintok, tell me where it is located.
Where is Ecsenius tessera commonly found?
If there are only two genera remaining, what happened to the other 24?
Given these paragraphs about battery storage power stations, how much was able to store and dispatch the first phase of Vistra Energy's Moss Landing Energy Storage Facility?
Given the introduction of ChatGPT, tell me how many releases there are since the fist launch and when they were launched.
Where is Mount Everest?
How important is pilot communication with a non-towered controlled airport?
When was MIT founded?
Given this paragraph about a singer, what was Rihanna's first album?
Given a reference text about Stevan L. Davies, tell me where he went to college.
what traditional process does Cyber PHA follow given this information?
Did Thomas Attewell bat with a right or left hand?
In what year did Endless Nights come out?
Where is the Kilo railway station
Given this paragraph about Aronia, what is another name for the plant and where were they first cultivated?
How many sinking ships did Violet Jessop survive? Be precise.
Who won the 1974 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences?
Which is the most popular Italian Song Festival
What professional football team play in red and blue and are based in south london?
Given this paragraph about John C. Young, where did he go to college?
Given a reference text about Chadwick, Illinois, tell me median family income and the percent of families below the poverty line.
Based on the provided text, In what year did the National Gallery of Ireland open its doors to the public and what kind of art is it known for?
Based on this paragraph about the early career of John C. Young (pastor), after the resignation of which whom was Young offered the presidency of Centre College in Danville, Kentucky?
What kind of grand prix is the 1932 Australian Grand Prix
How was the San Francisco bay created?
Could you describe who is BNP Paribas (BNPP)?
Of the living animal species which have been described, which group has the most?
What is Hispania
What year was the movie Big Trouble in Little China released?
Who brews Shiner Bock beer?
Given this paragraph about David Bowie, in which decade might you describe his music as having peaked?
What was the most expensive watch ever sold at auction
What is the first name of Stephen Curry?
What is Sogndal?
Where can I find a bristly bellflower in the wild?
Who is the 46th president of the United States?
When was the first idea of mobile phone developed, and was it created or commercialized at that time?
Using the following text, list the top 4 drugs by revenue for Pfizer in 2022?
Why is free climbing called free climbing?
Given this paragraph about grunge guitarists, what types of amplifiers would typically be preferred?
When did the gallipoli campaign take place?
Which company built the F-22 Raptor?
Given a reference text about Raul Axente Ciupe, tell me what country he is from and what position he played.
Who were fighting each other in this battle and what's the consequence of it
What is the capital of Mongolia?
History of Linux
What is Lady Gaga's real name?
Where is Dieveniskes located
What does CMWCs stand for?
Given this reference text about Nintendo, when was it founded?
Who is Sasha? How does her life compare to Becky?
When was Scarlett Johansson born?
What is the word that suggests the sound that it describes?
Other than Tanki, how many other known Amerindian settlements are on Aruba?
Given the reference article, Please give marriage date of indian actor Shahrukh Khan
Who is Brandon Sanderson?
Given this text about James Pressdee, tell me what sports they played, which awards they won, when they were born, and if they are still alive.
Who does the Navy Cross is awarded to?
Given this paragraph, who won the Montenegro presidential elections and how much of the vote did they receive in each runoff round?
Based on this passage, why is Chris Kuroda's nickname CK5?
How much more did the house cost than originally planned? Express as an absolute or nominal difference, not as a percentage.
Did the dome last as long as it was designed for?
Given a reference text about Gaya Island, how many hiking trails and 5 star resorts are on the island?
Given a reference text about the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, tell me where it took place, and how many countries participated.
Given this reference text, how old was Trey Anastasio when he co-founded Phish?
Who is the protagonist in CyberPunk 2077?
Given this paragraph about the Golden Records, tell me what it is, where it is heading, who/when created it.
In total how long was Winston Churchill the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
What is Lean manufacturing
Tell me when Silvio Berlusconi was born, how long has he been Prime Minister in Italy and what his nickname is
What is the launch date of Artemis mission?
How many Children Trump has?
What is the largest employer in the world?
What are dogs?
Where was Alexander The Great from?
What does this text say about the first season of Billions?
What is the definition of Vegetarian?
Was Jens Stub Swedish?
Given this paragraph about Lake Michigan, tell me where Lake Michigan ranks in terms of size by volume.
given this article about Enrico Silvestrin, what year did he get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother?
Why Bangalore climate is pleasant
In the following passage about mechanical-switch keyboards, which keyboards are the loudest, and how can I make them quieter?
Where is the Stade Louis-ll located?
Which companies did Theranos partner with in 2015?
Given this paragraph about surfboards, summarize what a surfboard is made of
Where did David Houseman go to college?
Who really invented the telephone ?
Where are oysters found?
What is Lady Gaga's real name?
Given this information about Vietnam, which country does it share its northern border with?
Given a reference text about Farhad Moshiri, what do his painted jars look like?
Based on this paragraph, what is the diameter of a 10 F Foley catheter in mm?
What is the definition of Vegan?
What's Rockhopper Exploration PLC business?
According to Sanderson's Law of Magic, what is the difference between hard and soft magic?
What is Cisco's formal company name, where is their headquarters, and how many employees are there in the company?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, what corpus was the first model in OpenAI's GPT series trained in 2018 on?
Given this paragraph about salmon, give me an overview of their lifecycle.
What is disadvantage of naive algorithm of simple random sampling?
What are the signs and symptoms of Sensory processing disorder?
Who wrote the book that the TV show Shantaram is based on?
Given the following paragraph on the water cycle, what forms of precipitation do exist?
Given this paragraph about books, what is the Poison Book Project?
What is the story of the decline of Wang Computer?
Given this paragraph about Love Island UK Season 9, Kai Fagan and Sanam Harrinanan won the final vote by what percent?
Given this reference text about Neonatology, tell me which specialty it is related to, and where it is typically practiced.
What is Mozart’s contribution to the music?
Given the reference text about the Emancipation Proclamation, approximately how many enslaved African Americans were freed?
Where is Laskowice?
Given this paragraph about the Last of Us TV Series, who was not cast in the show?
Who wrote the song House of Love
Given a reference text about Tujhse He Raabta, tell me who played the main role in the film.
How many national championships had Youngstown State Penguins football team won prior to 1991?
Currently, does Porthcurno mainly comprise farms and fisherman's cottages?
Given a reference text about the golden-green woodpecker, tell be how big they are.
Where did Jackson move to become an actor?
Given this table of train services, how many trains are there between Leeuwarden and Zwolle per day? Explain your math.
Clarence Albert Pierce, Jr., tell me where he was born and what college he went attended.
Given the following paragraph on water resources, in what percentage is freshwater stored in the different storage forms?
Given a reference text about the 2015 UEFA Super Cup, tell me who played in the game, who won, and the score.
Based on this paragraph, who directed "Before Morning?"
Who leads the Cambridge Zero initiative?
Which company produces Hibiki Whisky?
Given this paragraph, can you tell me why Santa Barbara is referred to as The American Riviera?
Given a reference text about Francoist Spain, when did Franco rule Spain and when did he die?
Is ABAKO no longer an active political party?
Given these paragraphs about Hydrogen Storage, what have been the two main historical forms of storage?
Which team won the 2023 NCAA Men's National Championship?
Who is the first chairman of Chine?
Given a reference text about the Bakersfield Majestics, where did the team play its games?
Why did Cato think that Carthage must be destroyed?
What K-pop group did Kang Se-jung sing for?
Based on this passage, what is the average number of people per family in Zangisheh?
What is Ramadan?
Given this paragraph about Mark Arminski, why was he famous and what did he study last while still at school?
Given this paragraph about the NFL, in what year was the Super Bowl first held?
Who is Ron Rivest?
Is Davos worth traveling?
Given this reference text, how was the cheeseburger invented?
Given this text about gradient descent, what is gradient descent, and who invented it?
Based on the following paragraph on paleontology, what's the difference between paleontology and archaeology?
Does Jukebox contain many original songs?
What is the significance of a diploma?
What programming languages does freeCodeCamp teach to students?
In what year was pickleball invented?
What makes a Squishmallow resellable?
Where does the name Gibraltar come from?
Given a reference text about magnetism, tell me the definition of magnetism and how magnetic materials are classified.
What are the main components of Apache Spark based on the paragraph?
here is some text about Andre Weiss, how many years was Andre at University of Dijon in Paris?
How many times does Fred Allison try to escape captivity?
Do you know any beautiful flower with purple petals and native to Scandinavia and central Europe?
How tall is Mt. Shakspere?
Given a reference text about 341 George Street, Sydney, tell me when what companies had headquarters there.
Given this paragraph about modern triathlon, what year did the two founders form mission bay triathlon.
Who is Warren Buffet?
What is hidden at Oak Island?
Given a reference text about Uber, tell me when the old CEO was replaced.
Which continent can Callixena versicolora be found?
What was the Caribbean and Central America Action
Given this paragraph about the climate of Seville, Spain, what's the average temperature during the day, at night, and overall?
Tell me about the football club Unione Sassuolo
How did Draymond Green's minutes increase over time?
According to this paragraph about the University of Virginia, where did Edgar Allan Poe live during his time at the university?
What modalities does Quah Jing Wen specialize on?
What do Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David have to say about Seinfeld being called "a show about nothing"?
Given this paragraph, how many seasons are there of Ted Lasso?
Given this paragraph about a train stabling complex, what was the original name of the Grove Park Sidings?
What is Douglas Stuart Moore's best remembered for?
Who is Bill Gates?
What exactly was the action of 12 December 1782
Where was Anne Zohra Berrached born?
What is the largest retailers and e-commerce companies?
What is grep used for?
Who is Toto?
Given the reference text about the marathon, who currently holds the men's record in the marathon?
With this paragraph on Austen Hurgon's biography, what movies did he direct before My Mimosa Maid?
Given these paragraphs about Asperger syndrome, after whom it was named?
What are the four major subregions in Central Otago?
Given a reference text about a film, tell me who directed it, the main cast, and the Academy Awards it won.
Where did Kamlaksha Rama Naik receive his Business Management degree?
Based on this paragraph on Tardigrades when did we first send them to space?
What is a herbivore?
Based on the following paragraph on astrobiology, what is the Viking program?
Which record label created Vinyl
Who founded Ford
When and why was the plaxton coach production halted?
What is the Australian Open?
Who is William Shakespeare
Extract the occupations of Elie Wiesel from the text.
Where does the word aurora come from?
Based on this article, how did the existence of trains impact the development of Roche Percee?
What are Vedas?
Which french football player is considered one of the best strikers of all time?
How large is the Gull Harbour and where exactly is it located
Given this paragraph about the Subaru Outback, in what year was the Wilderness trim introduced?
What is the biological term for Magic Mushrooms?
According to the following paragraph on LeBron James, how did he announce joining the Miami Heat?
Where was Jeff Bezos born?
What type of babies did Regalado say Jiankui was making?
Why was the movie The Happytime Murders given such bad reviews if it was award winning?
Given the following paragraph about a laptops, why are laptops called "laptop"?
What is contrast therapy used for?
Given this paragraph about Selena Gomez, where did her first name come from?
Who is Micky Mouse?
Given a reference text about combat readiness, tell me which troops are kept most ready for combat.
What is an ice pop?
Given the reference text, what is the female equivalent of Karl?
What did Jordan Akins do after retiring from baseball?
Given a reference text about Anne Elizabeth Howells, tell me the names' of her parents and how she died.
What was the name of the character Steve Buscemi played in the HBO series BoardWalk Empire?
Who were supporters of Quit India movement?
Given this paragraph, what are some examples of long short-term memory (LSTM) use cases?
Given a reference text about the Dormouse, in which novel is it a character?
Given a reference text about Amanecer, who made the album and what viral song did it include?
Given this paragraph about Drangajökull, tell me where it's located.
Given the reference text about the history of the Olympic marathon distance, tell me what was the distance of the Olympic marathon during the 1924 Olympics in Paris in kilometers?
Given this paragraph about bull sharks, how long are adult female adult sharks in feet?
Given a reference text about Sean Dunphy, tell me where he is buried.
What are Heat Shock proteins?
Given this paragraph about Twitter, how can programmers connect to Twitter when building custom applications?
How many children did James S. Wall have?
Why was the iPhone such a successful product?
Given a reference text about Hanlon's razor, when did the adage become well-known?
What is Cricket?
Given these two paragraphs, where did Jimmy Carter go to college?
what's the tallest mountain in the world
Given a reference text about Bully, tell me when it premiered and what it was about.
What factors contributed to the decline of AI research in the 1970s?
Given this paragraph about Museo Municipal Taurino Francisco Montes, where is it located?
Given a reference text about the IBJJF, provide two tournaments organized by IBJJ and the ruleset used by these tournaments.
How many prototypes were made?
here is some information about Ross McLean, how many years was Ross president of the Leavue of help for sick and elderly?
When was IGFBP3 first characterized?
What is the fastest air-breathing manned aircraft?
Is the USS Rachel Seaman made of metal?
Given a reference text about the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, how many Super Bowls have they won.
Based on the reference text, which album helped Taylor Swift shift from a country star to more of a pop star?
Given a reference text about Minister for Food, Agriculture and Fisheries of Denmark, when was the position created and was was it named?
Given these paragraphs about Large language models, when did LLMs emerge?
List the television series Kang Se-jung appeared in
Given a reference text about Will Ferrell, tell me where he kickstarted his career, what group of comic actors he is considered part of, and how many Golden Globe Award nominations he has.
Given this paragraph about Pablo Escobar, how much money did he have when he died?
Given a reference text that describes about hotpot, from which country does this dish originate?
Given this reference text about Cy Young, what type of work did his family do while he was growing up, how many older siblings did he have, and what two states did he live in as a child?
Given this paragraph about the terrain of the Iberian Peninsula, tell me the highest point in the peninsula and its altitude.
What is the coldest month in Warsaw and how cold does it get on average?
Why were the majority of African countries controlled by military dictatorships during the 1970's and 1980's?
What is parkrun
What is use of bezier curve in Robotics?
Given a reference text about Kennebunkport, tell me its neighboring towns and where it is located.
What was written in Ski-U-Mah?
Which two of the world's "super power" nations engaged in a cold war, following World War II?
Who owns the canoe named The Island Bird?
What are some physical health benefits from doing strength training exercises?
To which town in the UK did the Ford Motor Company relocate to in 1931?
Given the reference text below, who sang "It's a Great Day to Be Alive"?
Based on this wikipedia paragraph, what original tool was Kubernetes based on?
What year did the trek in Finding Farley end?
Why is the F-15EX Eagle II an ideal aircraft not an ideal aircraft for conducting modern offensive war fighting?
What is Wimbledon?
Given this reference test, what is the daily recommended amount of magnesium for men in the UK?
What is the primary information in this paragraph?
Given a reference text about The Universal Data Element Framework (UDEF), tell me how the framework is used.
Given this paragraph about flashcards, is flashcard useful for learning painting?
Given the following paragraph about the history of tallest buildings, which was the first skyscraper and when was it build?
Based on the given passage tell me who masked cultists are?
What does Avici stand for
Given this paragraph about different types of eyes, how are eye types categorized and why?
According to this paragraph about bull sharks, how long are male adult sharks in meters?
If the sponsor of the Burns and Allen show was Pee Wee Herman's Big Adventure, the show would be called what?
How to make Indian Lemonade?
Given this text, who was Mclaren's number-one driver in 1988
What is the fourth album from The Tragically Hip?
Can someone drive on Black Bear Road all year?
What is MBB and what does it stand for?
Based on this paragraph from Wikipedia, what's the origin of the word Kubernetes?
Why is the Cave of the Crystals or Giant Crystal Cave closed to the public?
Given a reference text about the Kaziranga Elephant Festival, tell me who organizes it.
What percentage of Manewra's population work for the government?
Can someone drive a bicycle on this road?
Given a reference text about "Ghouli" tell me what happens in the episode.
What is the capital of Telangana?
What is Sinigang?
What is the name of the woman D'Artagnan falls in love with ?
What is the minimum amount of points a player needs to score to win a badminton match?
Describe the relationship between the Trustor and Trustee
Have you heard of Yandovy or Яндовы?
Battles between England and Scotland
Given a reference text about Derby Museum and Art Gallery, tell me when the it was established and what the gallery contains.
What does Touch Typing refer to?
Given the reference text below about Larry Bird, tell me where he was born, what he did for a living, and who his greatest professional rival was.
Given a reference text about the Build Back Better Plan, what are the 3 parts that make up the plan?
Given the paragraph about Independence Day, the Thirteen Colonies were not free from which Monarch?
Given this paragraph about Lady Gaga, which album did "Bloody Mary" appear on?
Why did the Sahara experience a period of rapid desertification?
When is Original Joe's Day in San Francisco?
Based on the paragraph below, name some authors outside of Latin America who employ magical realism in their work.
Who developed the Black Swan theory?
Given a reference text about the Battle of Thermopylae, tell me when the battle was fought, who the battle was between, how many Greek and Persian forces there were, how the Persian army was able to flank the Greek forces and who won the battle?
How many species of Stingrays are there?
Given this reference text about the history of statistics, what was the earliest publican of writing on statistics?
per this reference text about Delaware Route 16, how many times does the road change between being a divided highway and undivided?
From this summary of Captain Ginyu's role in the series Dragon Ball, how many times did Captain Ginyu switch bodies?
Given these paragraphs about a well-known Scottish University of some import, tell me specific details about when and where it was founded, what it's most well known for, and who are some of its most famous alumni.
Who did Donald's grandfather body guard for?
Given a reference text about the 35th Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences Awards Night, tell me who won the best actor award.
Given this paragraph about Eric Clapton, what solo accomplishments help rank him as one of the most influential guitarists of all time?
Given this paragraph about Duchess Auguste of Württemberg, what happened to personal life?
Did the Grateful Dead play at the original Woodstock concert?
Given a reference text about multiple myeloma, tell me the risk factors and the cause of the disease.
Who was On the Point of Death directed by, given the following information?
Given the reference text about a towboat, how does the boat work?
How many seasons was Jeff Fisher the head coach of the Titans while they were not in Tennessee?
Given this paragraph about Freddie Mercury, where was his last performance with Queen.
Based on the provided text, how many awards did the book "The Killing Jar" win and what year were they awarded?
Given a reference text about Sourcefire, what company acquired it and how much was it acquired for?
Given the reference text about "The New Deal", what are the "3 R's" historians refer to about the program.
How many children did Louis Pasteur have, and how many died of typhoid fever?
Who did Outcault paint electric light displays for?
How many Silver Star awards did James Frederick Moriarty receive?
What achievements did Cade Cunningham receive during his first year in the NBA based on the provided paragraph?
What is the objective of a batter in the sport of baseball?
What does Pinot Noir mean?
Who built Sigiriya fortress in Sri Lanka?
Given a reference text about the Osterville Baptist Church, tell me why its steeple was rebuilt and when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Given a reference about the creation of the UFC, tell me the member of the Gracie family  who co-created the UFC and the city they hosted the first UFC event.
Given this paragraph, which two US interstates were not originally continuous? Have they now been made continuous?
Given this paragraph about Platylesches Robustus, what type of insect is it and how many countries can it be found?
In the summary below of episode 158 of the series Black Clover, how did the Spade army lose?
GIven this paragraph about American film director David Fincher, what are his reported upcoming projects.
Where are the oldest oak trees in Central America?
By what percentage of vote margin did Ralph Northam win over Aneesh Chopra in the 2013 election for Governor of Virginia?
Why are people eating eggs at Easter
What is Materialized View?
How many times did Gordie Howe retire?
What was the first Harry Bosch book called?
Given a reference text about Tom Cruise, tell me when they were born and what they are famous for.
Which nation started the Arab Spring and what caused it?
Given this paragraph about Mass–energy equivalence, tell me what each part of the equation E=mc² stands for.
Based on the reference text, what were the main reasons homeless people from outside of San Francisco went to San Francisco?
Given this paragraph on Lady Gaga, tell me where she was born, the middle and high school she attended and how she considered herself in high school.
In which century was Denis Thériault born?
How many iron atoms are in a single molecule of the main component substance of ironsand?
Suggest an allocation to implement a three portfolio strategy as described in the text below
Given the following paragraph about a film, who directed "Our War"?
How many Spitfire fighter aircraft remain airworthy
Given the following paragraph about the observation deck of the Burj Khalifa, what's offered on the 124th floor observation deck?
What was the "X.Y.Z. fever"?
How big is the Tibetan plateau?
Where is Muckle Water?
How do the definitions of "first-degree relative" and "nuclear family" differ?
Based on this paragraph, why was Jake released from prison?
Who composed the theme song for the movie Marvin's Room?
Given these paragraphs about battery storage power stations, for how long a battery storage power station can output?
Based on this passage, which years did the Patriots win the Super Bowl?
When was Bobby Moore born and when did he die?
Given this paragraph about magnesium, what is the melting point of magnesium in celsius?
Given this paragraph about the history of Beijing, when did Beijing get the current name?
Given a reference text about Easter eggs, tell me what they are, what they symbolize, and where they originated from?
What type of YouTube Channel did Danla Bilic have?
Given this paragraph about Simon Bolivar, tell me when and where they were born, and what they are known for
What was the 97th Rifle Division
Given this paragraph about the history of the marathon, who won the first official olympic marathon.
Who is the youngest driver to win a Formula 1 race?
What career did  GeLing Yan have?
Tell me about Holi and why so many people in the world celebrate it?
When was Mahatma Gandhi born?
Given this paragraph, what is the out of state acceptance rate at the University of Virginia?
What is the meaning of 'akamai'?
Was the USS Rachel Seaman built in the 20th century?
Given this paragraph about the rock band The Basics, what is notable about the Get Back album?
In the first few months how many children were registered?
How long did it take for ironworking to be commonplace in West Africa following its introduction in Northern Africa?
According to this paragraph, what is the only state in North America that is an archpelago?
Name the two cities in India in which Kirby Building Systems produces their goods.
What languages are spoken in Tunisia?
What's the architecture in Maskavas Forstate look like?
What is the indigenous name for Dunk Island?
When was Irina Vysheslavska born?
Given a reference text about Marcus Morton, tell me what year he was born and why he let the Democratic Party.
Given the reference text about Tottenham Hotspur, what was the name of the stadium that the new stadium replaced?
Who invented scratching ?
Given this article about the NSA's ANT catalog, Which hacking tools are used to infect the BIOS of computers or networking devices?
Given this paragraph about Chief Uncas, who was he?
Given the following paragraph about Kenneth McAlpine, where was he born?
Who is the oldest driver to win a Formula 1 race?
Given these paragraphs about Multiomics, what is single-cell multiomics?
Given the biography of Nemacolin, what years did George Washington use Nemacolin's Path?
When did WWII begin?
What is the first computer recognized in human history?
When was Genghis Khan born?
Given this paragraph, what are the potential advantages or disadvantages of using XGBoost versus a single decision tree?
Given the reference text about Fidel Castro, tell me where he was born, where he studied, and when he was the leader of Cuba.
Where is Ivan Trotski from?
Name a song The Mo is best known for that is not named after a dairy product.
Where did Jon Rahm go to college?
Based on this paragrah, what indie band released the album "Popsicle"?
Manchester of South India ?
Is double checked locking safe?
Given this short summary of Giovan Battista Cavagna, how long did it take to build the second Monte di Pieta?
How old were the indigenous civilizations in Mexico prior to European contact?
What is the Pareto principle?
Given a reference text about the Annapurna Post, tell me when it launched its online news portal and when it became successful.
Given this paragraph about Kobe beef, tell me what type of cattle it is from
Who is the Avatar? And what was he trying to accomplish?
Given a reference text about the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, when was OPEC founded and how do economists describe OPEC's power over oil markets?
Where was Ostad Elahi born and who was his father
Based on this paragraph about the potential Kontinental Hockey League expansion, how many divisions and how many conferences would the proposed league have?
Did Paul Ernest Adolph ever served the military?
Given a reference text about a former President of India, Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, tell me when he was born, where he was raised and the subjects he specialised in studies. Why was Abdul Kalam known as the Missile Man of India?
Based on this questio about Kingdom Hearts, what company published it?
When and where was John Barrett born?
Are leafcutters solitary or social insects?
Given this background text about the Byzantine Empire, which empire can the Byzantines trace their origins?
Based on this reference text about bull sharks, why can bull sharks live in both salt and fresh water?
Given a reference text about Stanley Franklin Browne, how many aerial victories during World War II did he have and what did he do when he returned from the war.
Randy Couture was one of how many fighters over the age of 40 to have won a UFC championship?
Given these paragraphs about Natural hydrogen, what are some of its sources?
Given this paragraph about the Japan Rail Pass, tell me whether it is available for purchase to Japanese citizens.
When was West Ham started and when did they get the name West Ham United?
Where is Independence mall?
When did Peloton IPO?
What are the causes of Autism?
What's the origin of Dog Day Afternoon?
Based on this paragraph on Japanese bullet trains, how many cars do the longest trains have?
Given these paragraphs about the Tesla bot, what is its expected height and weight?
Do you know anything about the writer Joshua Braff
Given this paragraph about Indiana Jones, tell me who starred in the franchise films with Harrison Ford
Why are drill jigs less commonly used today than they were in the past?
What do giant Pandas eats?
Given the reference text about the genus Banksia, tell me how many species of Banksia there are and what size they can grow to.
Given these paragraphs about Natural hydrogen, can you name some of the countries where sources have been identified?
Is Aetolia at sea level?
Given this paragraph about material, what is lithophane?
Who is Roger Federer?
How many volumes of Wheel of Time are there?
from this blob of text about gosberton clough, to which city does the river flow to?
What is Gyebangsan?
Given a reference text about a president, tell me when he died.
What is the capital of Tamilnadu?
Which company introduced new kits for Marseille?
Given the this paragraph about the invention of transistors, why did lawyers at Bell Labs advise Shockley against filing a patent for his field-effect transistors?
Who is the first astronaut to get into space in China?
When was slavery abolished in the United States?
Who called Timothy Leary a brave neuronaut?
When and where was Nero born?
When was the second series of Renminbi banknotes introduced in China?
Given the following note about training in a specific style of karate, tell me why its practitioners consider its fist alignment to offer advantages for their striking.
Where is the Bulgan Volcanic Field located?
According to this paragraph about UVA, what is the PAC room?
On what month and day was Antwan Deon Odom born?
What are the titans?
Given this paragraph about the history of triathlon, what is the earliest known triathlon event.
According to the text, given the initial cost of building the auditorium and the equivalent cost in 2021, what is the value of 1892 dollars in 2021?
Given this paragraph how much do Beavers weigh?
What direction (North-South-East-West) is Malanów from Zygmuntówek?
Based on this paragraph, how many times was Barros traded during his professional basketball career?
Given this paragraph about Gheorge Hagi, tell me which were his top achievements in the Romanian football team.
Given a reference text about Being There, tell me when the book was published and when a film about the book was created.
Where is Lake Como located?
Who is Teresa Giudice?
Who created the grading system for the I Liq Chuan martial art?
Given this paragraph about Harold Brainerd Hersey, what did he do and when were his observations published?
Who is Satoshi Nakamoto?
Given this paragraph, who was the President of Mexico during the seige of Bexar?
Where was Sarah Schechter born?
Given this paragraph, what is Peru's most popular tourist attraction and how many people visit it every year?
According to this article, how many Scottish pounds would four Half-pistole be worth?
Based on this paragraph, which two objects account for the majority of the mass of the Solar System?
What team did Bobby Orr play for in his 5th season?
Could you tell me how Cao Cao's fleet got destroyed during the battle of Red Cliffs based on this paragraph?
How many seasons of Survivor has there been?
What are some examples of tasks performed by AI?
What is deep learning?
What was the first electric car to pass 1 million global sales?
Given these paragraphs about Hydrogen Storage, what are some of its use cases?
What is Clemson University?
What is handscroll used for
Can someone drive on Black Bear Road during the winter?
Were the months that Shirley C. Guthrie Jr. was born and died in the same month or different months?
What therapies are available for Autism?
Given a reference text about the adverse affects of Foley catheters, please list the main risks.
Given a reference text about Magic the Gathering decks, please suggest cards I should consider in a Midrange deck.
What is does the stars represent on the United States of America flag?
What city in the world is regarded as having the largest number of professional and famous surfers and surfboard shapers?
What is a whiteboard?
Given this paragraph about the city of Madrid, what are the main landmarks of the city?
Who is the protagonist in Italo Calvino's Invisible Cities?
Which party Sam Jones was part of?
Given this paragraph about Charles Inglis, give answers to the following: his father's name, his colleague's name, and his grandfather's occupation.
What is the history of olive oil?
Based on this paragraph, how many churches are in the The Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland?
Where was the heaviest A single filmed?
Which is the second most populated state in India?
As of 2022, how many member states make up the European Union?
Based on the following paragraph on the current use of obsidian, what's the difference between obsidian scalpels and steel scalpels?
Given the reference text below, what problem do Marbled newts' face?
Given this paragraph about Atlantic Hall in Nigeria, how many students does it hold, where is located and when did it open?
What is the meaning of "Nnedi" in Nnedi Okarafor's name?
What is an API endpoint?
Where is Tesla, Inc. headquarters?
Given this paragraph about triathlon, who founded ironman
Given this paragraph, what method of scientific study did Edmund Selous champion?
Who designed the St. John the Baptist, Blackrock church?
What is the biggest planet from the solar system?
How old was Dominik Volek when he made his Czech Extraliga debut?
Given this paragraph about Zoom, where is the company based and when was the Zoom software released?
Which martial art or arts did Brazilian jiu-jitsu derive from?
Given a reference text about the Queen Isabella Memorial Bridge, tell me how long it is and when it opened.
Why is the sun more intense at high altitude
By what other name does Bunnie DeFord go by?
Based on the text provided, what does a minimum spanning tree optimize?
who is Haile Sellassie?
per this reference of Itsunen Shoyu, who did he convince to bring Zen Buddhism to Japan?
Given the following summary of the book "Human Compatible" by Stuart Russell, what is the author's proposal to overcome the limitations of the standard approach for developing AI?
Given the paragraph about the Colnago C40, in which year was a Colnago-branded bicycle first ridden by the overall classification winner in the Tour de France?
Tell me when did the Borussia Dortmund found?
What kind of u-boat was the SM U-30
What is the oldest part of Boston to live in, based on the historic neighborhood?
Given the paragraph, what is the term budgie smuggler colloquially use to describe?
Surely, the glass ceiling only applies to politics. Corporate organizations are fine. Is that true?
Which musical instrument does Peter Yanowitz play?
Who asked Swami Vivekananda to come to Dakshineswar and in which year?
How many arms does Hapalochlaena lunulata have?
Annapolis is the capital city of which state?
Given this paragraph about Bichon Frisé,  where did this dog breed originate?
Here is some reference information about Huaquechula, When does the feast of the Holy Cross in Huaquechula start?
What is the significance of a poppy on Remembrance day?
What is Szalay doing these days?
Where did Sly and the Family Stone come from?
What is a Druid?
Who is Ted Lasso in the eponymous TV show?
Who is Artemis?
Who designed Washington D.C. and what are some interesting attributes about the city?
What device is used to resolve combat outcomes in Quest of the Ancients?
Based on this paragraph about a singer, where was Shakira born?
Given a reference text about Pwojè Pyebwa, who funded the project?
Given a reference text about the wraparound process, tell me what is included in a wraparound plan.
How many people visit the zoo in the US each year?
Based on the following paragraph about the campuses of the University of Georgia, which types of trees can be found on the campus?
Who created Doge Coin and when?
Is there a high school in Fairdale
Did José Altuve cheat in 2017?
Does Rajasthan - the desert state of India, have winters?
How many American's signed the Declaration of Independence?
What is Leptodactylus tapiti?
Linux Second-stage boot loader
Using the reference information, how many years was the People's Revolutionary Government in control in Grenada, and under what leader?
What languages are spoken in Switzerland
What is Family Mart Japan?
When will the The Doors of Stone, the third book of The Kingkiller Chronicle, come out?
Between what oceans does the Panama Canal save time?
Given the reference text about the Spanish-American war, when and how did the war end?
In which country is the town of Kirchenlamitz located?
Based on the reference provided, what are some tactics firefighters use to stay safe while fighting wildfires?
Given a reference text about Conus episcopatus, describe the shell.
In which country is the Karachchi Divisional Council located?
What year was Kerala formed?
Given a reference text about Audrey Babette Blackman, tell me her parents names and occupations.
What did José María Arizmendiarrieta do?
Which club has won the most number of UEFA Champions League?
How many paralympics did Paraskevi compete in?
Given the following paragraph about the observation deck of the Burj Khalifa, what's offered on the 124th floor observation deck?
Who won March Madness?
Based on the paragraph about the Korean War, what is the name of the new sovereign state created in the north?
Given a reference text about Thomas William Dobbie, tell me his nationality.
What is machine learning, and when did it first emerge?
Given this paragraph about Taylor Swift re-recording her masters, who was responsible for the controversy?
Given that preserving human brains for more than a century is fairly uncommon, what do you think was the motivation for preserving Guiteau's brain?
Given a reference text that describes LVMH, what brands are part of LVMH?
How many cities in Lithuania are larger than Neris?
During which decade did neural networks first lead to practically useful systems?
Why is the Chernobyl disaster considered to be the world's worst-ever civil nuclear incident when only an excess of 15 childhood thyroid cancer deaths were documented as of 2011?
What are all the books in the Lord of the Rings trilogy?
Given this reference text about the Philadelphia Phillies, how many stadiums have they had and where do they play currently?
Was Wilbur Snyder a good wrestler
Is endosymbiosis bad?
Where is Hoober Stand located?
What is Autism and how varied is the spectrum?
What are the main functions on a DSLR camera that affect the correct the exposure of an image?
In which Indian state is Banda Deul located in?
What was the profession of Araber Rahaman?
Given this paragraph about Saffron, where does this name originally come from?
What country did NIKStewart live during middle school?
Given this paragraph about rain.  How is rain formed?
Given a reference text about Scrub Daddy, tell me the details on the deal the founder made on Shark Tank.
Given a reference text about Megan Reid, American professional soccer player, what college did she attend and how many soccer games did she start in her senior year of college?
From the given text, please tell me what were Bachendari Pal's accomplishments?
Given that the current year is 2023, how old is Chevron?
Given a reference text about Ainley's storm petrel, tell me when and where they breed.
Given this article about Operation Aurora, How was the operation named?
What is apartheid, and which country experienced it?
Given this paragraph, where did the German dish sauerkraut originate from?
Given this paragraph about the Tour De France, how long is the race
How many days was the women's individual competition?
Given a reference text about NATO, when did Finland become a member?
Given these paragraphs about Asperger syndrome, what disorder has it merged into?
Given this paragraph about Grumpy Cat, tell me the cat's real name.
How many goals did Archie Thompson's team mates score?
Given this paragraph about speed limits, what was first law regulating speed limits in UK, when was it enacted and what speed limits it set.
In Africa, were cattle domesticated before or after agriculture?
Which country is Laurens Willy Symons  from?
When did the Artificer class first appear in D&D
What can a person do in Virtual Reality?
Given this paragraph about magnesium, how is magnesium obtained?
What is the least common birthday in the United States?
Given the following paragraph on siliceous ooze, how are oozes defined?
How does the "fire power" help Fargus?
Given a reference text about the blackbuck, tell me how big the males are.
Tell me about water fluoridation
Given a reference text about Rraboshtë, tell me what the village is known for and what country it's in.
Given this paragraph about the United States Marine Corps, tell me when it was created in which city?
Who are the little Japanese girls who find Totoro?
Given this paragraph on Anton Chekhov, please tell me which playwrights he is most often grouped with?
Given this text about the nutrition profile of peanut butter, what vitamins is peanut butter rich in?
According to this paragraph, what is UVA's overall ranking among national universities?
When was HMS Glowworm (H92), a G-class destroyer launched?
Please explain the Primacy of the Spains
Where did Bermuda grass come from?
What is a community structure in the study of complex networks?
Given the reference text about the science fiction novel Neuromancer, tell me the novel's author and the name of the main protagonist.
Given these paragraphs about Asperger Multiomics, what is the goal in combining all the "omes"?
In this reference text summarizing plot of the book The High King, how did the sword Dyrnwyn lose its power?
Given a reference text about Apple, what tactics did Steve Jobs use to help the company recover?
According to this paragraph about UVA, what happens to a student who commits an offense from the honor system?
What was the The Treaty of Tordesillas?
What is an archipelago
Given a reference text about Valery Moiseevich Leibin, tell me where he is a member of an editorial board and when he died.
Given the reference text about the American Rescue Plan Act, tell me how much money was authorized to be spent.
Given this paragraph about magnesium, what is the boiling point of magnesium in celsius?
Does Belgrandia varica live in the ocean?
What type of model is the Citroen C4 Cactus?
What was the name of the last team Pele played professionally?
Is UBS a good bank
Why are there so few works of Kafka left even though he was a prolific writer?
Who was Rosa Parks?
Given this table of races and dates, how many races took place after July? Give the answer as a number.
Based on this article, what was the relationship between Ala-ud-Din Bahman Shah and Alauddin Mujahid Shah?
What position did Andre Piters play in soccer, given the following paragraph?
What is an "El Niño" weather pattern?
Does Niksar have a castle?
What was the White Brigade
Were cars used for transportation in the 19th century in King Field?
Where is the Birthplace of 'Silicon Valley
From the following description of the Hatfield-McCoy feud, identify the person condidered the leader of the Hatfields.
Given this paragraph about Mohamed Fourati, at what age was he appointed as hospital assistant?
What is Don’t Starve Together?
When was Campbell, CA founded?
Given a reference text about Naul, tell me what country it's in and what river passes through it.
Given the following paragraph about the Sanford Stadium of the University of Georgia, where does the name of the stadium originate from?
What are the Great Lakes?
Given this paragraph about Siedlce, tell me how many people live there and how far away from Warsaw it is.
Given a reference text about the Pitt Street Mall, tell me how big it is and how many specialty stores it has.
In one sentence, what is this paragraph conveying?
Given the following text, what is special about Prime Numbers?
Where do Macarons originate from?
Who set the first Guinness World Record for swimming under ice?
Given this paragraph about battles under Alexander the Great what battle occurred prior to the battle of Issus
given the plot of 1985 hit Back to the future, how could Marty McFly have avoided having to reconcile his mother and father in order to save his life?
Where is the city of Nasimerice
Given the paragraph above paragraph, what is the PMP and who established the exam.
What is Brownism?
Given this paragraph about video game consoles, what was the first console?
What sport does Arshdeep play?
Are the racial depictions of Eugène Delacroix artworks facts?
Given this paragraph about Jordan, tell me where it is located and which countries it borders?
In the following initial summary of the plot of the series My Hero Academia, what is the secret that Izuku must keep and from whom?
What types of political organizations did pre-colonial Africa have?
Given a reference text about Qamus, when was it attacked and defeated?
Given a reference text about the Anglo-Spanish War, tell me what treaty marked the end of the war.
What is the least common birthday in the US other than Feb 29?
Given this reference text about Husinec, what was the highest temperature reached in Fahrenheit?
When did the new building open?
Who was found guilty for the murder of Nualchawee Petchrung?
How can the dialogue be described in this film?
Given this paragraph about the tour de france, has the race ever not ran
Based on this text, what average temperature in degree celsius can I expect in April in Germany?
Where did peanut butter and jelly sandwiches originate?
How many inhabitants of Lone Pine survived as a result of the earthquake? Tell me how you came to that conclusion.
Given this mechanism that the Tesla Model Y car uses to heat the interior cabin, what are some pros and cons of this design?
Why was the Laos team disqualified?
here is a blurb about Meaghan Benfeito, Between which years was Benfeito actively competing in the Olympics?
How many hours does it take to drive 12 miles on this road?
Based on this text, where was Susan Eaton a professor?
Given this paragraph about the Allegory of Peace, what does it represent?
Given a reference text about Mussa Azzan Zungu, tell me his current position.
Given this paragraph about a specific breed of scorpion, where can the coastal burrowing scorpion be found?
Which countries became members of NATO between the years of 1999 and 2009?
What is Rio de Janeiro famous for?
What are the available treatments for Sensory processing disorder?
Which Game Studio created Arcane?
Who has won the most grand slams in men's singles tennis in open era?
Find the four eye shapes on Maitum anthropomorphic pottery and separate them with a comma
Which two kings did Sir Oliver Ingham serve under?
Who was Svea Kristina Frisch
What is Kalis Illustrisimo?
How many series did Dance Mums air?
What types of ritual use Ayahuasca?
Given this paragraph about Twitch Interactive, in what year did Amazon acquire them?
Given this paragraph about a hotel, how many stories is the Ansonia?
Given this reference text about Isa Melikov, which events did Isa participate in 2008?
Given these paragraphs about Asperger syndrome, what are typical interventions that help improve the person's ability to function in the everyday world?
What is Hasora discolor located?
Is Belgrandia varica a type of plant?
Given this paragraph about Choro music style, what are the instruments usually used to play Choro ?
What do giant Pandas eats?
Did Damien Chazelle direct movies or TV shows first?
Given a reference text about Daal dhokli, tell me three commonly used daals.
In what year did Singapore become an independent sovereign country?
What is Violet Constance Jessop's nickname?
Given the information provided about hottest chili pepper, which is the hottest naturally grown chili pepper in the world?
Who is Thor?
What is an "outie" in the context of this paragraph?
Since it began, how many years has FIVB not been held?
Who services the Saint-Germain-les-Belles station?
Based on this paragraph about San Diego, what is the largest city in the state of california?
Given this reference text about Gorbachev, tell me whether he was an ally of Yeltsin and Putin.
What is the happiness index report and which country tops the happiness index in the world
How many people who contract COVID-19 end up experiencing symptoms and what symptoms might they experience?
What is surfing?
Who were Fernando Pessoa's main heteronyms?
Given a reference text that describes the air travel disruption after the 2010 Eyjafjallajökull eruption, how long was the air travel over Europe disrupted for?
Given the reference text about moths, what family does Bityla sericea belong to?
What would cause stride scheduling to cause inefficiency in CPU operations?
Given this paragraph about Yahalom and his works, tell me when he was born?
What does Midnight Sun mean?
How many world championships has Max Verstappen won?
How many types of cat does the world cat federation recognise?
What is the history of coffee?
What are common florals found in Zigalga National Park?
What is linux Bootloader
What is one-child policy?
